The Project Gutenberg eBook of Especially dance hall women
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: Especially dance hall women

Author: Alma Ellerbe
        Paul Ellerbe

Release date: May 7, 2024 [eBook #73556]

Language: English

Original publication: New York: The Butterick Publishing Company, 1928

Credits: Roger Frank and Sue Clark


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ESPECIALLY DANCE HALL WOMEN ***


A gold strike is likely to change a man’s viewpoint on many things ~


ESPECIALLY DANCE HALL WOMEN

By Alma and Paul Ellerbe


Long Jim Briggs wandered into Al’s Dance Hall one night when “Captain
Mac” was drunk and throwing things.

She had splendid deep red hair and a skin as white as blanched almonds,
and he admired her extravagantly. As a child admires a Christmas tree.
And differently, too--very differently. He had even given up
prospecting now and then and made good money as a carpenter so that he
could spend it on her. He had spent it all, and he knew her very well,
but he had never seen her drunk before. He had been in such places a
good deal, but he hadn’t got used to seeing women drunk. It hurt him.

He was about to wander on out again when he heard one of the other
girls say:

“She’s gonna pay for this all right! Al will make ’er come acrost with
the expenses of the whole damn’ place for a month for that big mirror
she broke!”

Long Jim hesitated and then started toward her. She took a saucer from
one of the little tables and sailed it like a clay pigeon. It curved
and hit him over the eye. The blood ran down his cheek and everybody
laughed. He wiped it away with his handkerchief and put his hand on her
arm just as she was going to throw another saucer.

“Why, Rosie--” he said reproachfully, in his soft, rumbling bass, and
stopped helplessly. His soft black eyes looked out kindly above his
soft brown mustache and his great soft brown beard, and said what his
tongue couldn’t find the words for.

Captain Mac was madder than she was drunk. All her sensations and her
thoughts were combined in one ache, like the ache in a tooth, and she
was biting upon it savagely and taking a kind of satisfaction in the
keen shoots of her pain. She could have knifed Al that night out of
hand and seen through stoically whatever might have come of it, but Jim
Briggs’ voice and his eyes were the kind of things she had forgotten
the existence of, and they slipped in under her guard and pierced the
quick of her.

She didn’t throw the other saucer, but suddenly Rosie Ellen McCarthy, a
decent Irish girl, looked out of her eyes and said with a flash of
passionate appeal--

“For God’s sake, Jim, take me out o’ this!”

Jim didn’t expect it. It touched him so deeply that he could only gulp
and nod his head. With his great height and bent shoulders and baggy
clothes he looked uncouth and awkward, standing beside painted, half
nude Captain Mac in her spangled dress. He looked around helplessly for
something to cover her shoulders with.

“This’ll do,” she said, stretching out her hand for a yellow scarf on
the top of a gilded upright piano.

She took it with one strong pull, slinging heedlessly along the floor
in a rain of broken bits half a dozen pieces of bric-a-brac that had
rested upon it.

Jim folded the gaudy stuff clumsily about her and took her by the arm
and started to go out, when Al came up and stood in front of him,
dapper, suave and touched with cynicism.

“There’s money owing me,” he said politely, “and she ain’t going
nowhere till it’s paid, see?”

The red surged into Jim’s cheeks, pale from working underground, and
his voice rose dangerously out of its soft rumble.

“There’s a hell of a lot more than money owing you, you God-forgotten
little skunk, and if you don’t get out o’ my way I’m liable to pay you
the part of it you ain’t lookin’ for!”

He kept his eye on the other’s hands and his muscles braced. If you
started things in Al’s place you finished them swiftly, or they
finished you.

The white hairy fingers twitched into the expected signal and Jim swung
the bony mass of his fist against Al’s ear as he would have swung a
pick into a stubborn conglomeration of quartz. But that was incidental.
He didn’t even notice where the little man rolled. Jerked forward by
Al’s signal, a very different antagonist was coming on the jump--Hard
Pan Schmitz, the dance hall bouncer.

Jim Briggs was no match for him and knew it. Almost as if he had
followed through the blow that sent Al spinning, he snatched up a heavy
lighted lamp, whirled it above his head and flung it. It struck
Schmitz’s raised forearm, smashed down his guard and covered him with
broken glass and burning oil.

In the stunned second before the racket began Jim took Rosie by the
wrist and broke through to the street. Behind them the place seethed
like an ants’ nest laid open by a spade.

He pulled her around the first corner. They pelted through the snow as
fast as she could run. He zigzagged his way through the town, taking
alleys when he could. They came at length to the door of a wooden shack
below the level of the sidewalk, on an unlighted street. Its unpainted
boards were warped, it listed heavily and, in common with all the other
houses in the block, it looked deserted. But Jim jumped down to it, key
in hand, and by the time Rosie had descended the rickety steps that led
from the sidewalk he had opened the door.

He shut it behind her, struck a match and led the way into a room
furnished with a stove, a camp cot, a chair and a small pine table with
a smoke blackened lamp on it. He lighted the lamp. Rosie fell into the
chair, breathing in big painful gulps. She wasn’t used to running. The
great altitude--ten thousand feet--had played havoc with her breath.
Jim had swung a pick there too long to be much affected. They looked at
each other in the dim light.

“It’s jest a place to sleep,” he said awkwardly. “Nobody knows I own
it. Feller gave it to me that struck it rich an’ went away. Mostly I’m
in the hills anyhow. So wouldn’t anybody look for us here.”

And then:

“The sheriff and the marshal’s both down on Al. If we can get away
without bein’ noticed, it ain’t likely anybody’ll foller.”

“Maybe it’d be safe for you to stay, then,” said Rosie, when she had
breath enough to say anything.

“Maybe. But I was aimin’ to go anyhow. Why don’t you go with me,
an’--an’ stay with me?”

She looked at him steadily.

“I ain’t fit.”

“You’re as fit as I am,” he said quietly, in the soft, rumbling,
reassuring bass that seemed kin to rivers and winds. “What d’you say to
a clean break an’ a new start together?” He lingered on the last word
wistfully. “I’ve been pretty lonesome, you know, a-knockin’ round from
one prospect hole to another an’ livin’ like a pack rat.”

She got up and came close and looked at him intently. The yellow piano
scarf that covered her befrizzled red head like an incongruous cowl and
clashed crudely with her red dress; her silver slippers, her spangles,
the bunch of cotton roses at her waist, her rouged cheeks and scarlet
lips and half-bared heaving breasts contrasted strangely with her
honest eyes.

“Do you want it for yourself, Jim?”

“For myself--more’n anything.”

“You’re not lying to me?”

“So help me God.”

He had expected her arms about his neck, but she gave him her hand like
a man.

“I’ll never let you down,” she said shortly. “Let’s go.”

They went out under a sky of faint, clean blue, where a frosty moon
queened it amidst a scattering of small pale stars, and found a man who
was driving out of town in a wagon and went with him.

By one means and another they made their way into the Gray Dome country
and Jim built a cabin there.

                 *       *       *       *       *

Fifteen years later, Rosie Briggs stood in the door of it and watched
Jim climb down the steep trail toward his latest prospect hole.

There was a fresh sprinkling of snow, so light and dry that the faint
wind started bits of it to rolling like feathers. Beneath it the smells
of spruce and pine and juniper and little silver mountain sage were
dormant. The cold, clean, thin air of early morning was stripped for
the odor of Long Jim’s pipe, and it drifted up, rank and acrid. Rosie
liked it, at that hour and in that place.

She watched him until he waved his hand far below like a tiny
marionette before he took the fork of the trail under the big Engelmann
spruce and disappeared for the day. She waved back and turned to her
tubs. Every week she washed the clothes of four families in Gray Dome,
the mining town down the main road just around the next bend. It was
hard work, but she didn’t mind it much.

She didn’t think about it. Besides, she only worked four days a week.
The other three she rested--sewed a little, crocheted a little, knit a
little--sweaters and stockings and mittens for Jim and herself, and
kept her diminutive house as clean as a chemist’s scales; or sat
quietly out in front in summer or inside by the stove in winter and let
the long waves of peace wash deeper and deeper in. Peace is good after
a life like Rosie’s. She lay in it thankfully, as in a bath, and soaked
old stains away.

On the side of Gray Dome Mountain, with the sheer drop of the cañon at
her feet and the range spread out beyond; in the midst of cleanness and
silence unbroken since that old rocky backbone of the continent thrust
itself up into the sun, she had risen slowly out of the shards of the
life of Captain Mac and come, late but surely, into her heritage of
womanliness and dignity. The years had chipped away her prettiness, but
in its place was beauty for those who could see it. The smooth face had
been sculptured into something fine and strong and self-directed,
something steadfast and serene. She wasn’t blown about by tantrums any
more.

She had a stake in the game of life now, and she played to hold it. She
had steadied to meet the responsibilities thrust upon her by Jim. He
was as kind and patient as the seasons, and as unreliable. And she was
like a cottonwood tree; she put out the leaves of her affection and
confidence surely and abundantly, but with tireless caution and she
rarely got nipped. She controlled him where he could be controlled, and
where he couldn’t she accepted him as she did the weather. Her
knowledge of men was empirical, unhampered by theories.

Jim would give anybody anything she had--he possessed nothing
himself--and be perennially surprized if she objected. Usually she
didn’t, but if it was something she wanted she went after it and got it
back if she could. Any bum or crook or sharper could win his friendship
and pick his mind or his pocket if either happened to have anything in
it.

But Rosie’s mind was her own, and instead of a pocket she used the
Conifer County Savings Bank. She met him at all points as shrewdly as
if he had been an opponent--which in a sense he was--but she loved him.
And she knew that he loved her, and counted on it, but only for what it
was worth.

She put more trust in his poverty. Every day, of course, he expected to
strike it. And for a while she had thought he might. But gradually as
the days lay themselves down in long, pleasantly monotonous rows until
the sum of them made many years, she came to know that he wouldn’t. And
that, far more than his love, was the foundation of her content. While
he was poor he was hers--wholly, unqualifiedly, unthinkingly hers.

Poor was scarcely the word, though. Jim lived in a moneyless world. Out
of the little she made she supplied the simple necessities of both of
them, and he was willing to wait for everything else until he struck
it. “Then--! Then--!” was what he thought of as he made his slow way up
and down the mountainside. To him the thought was roseate, luminous,
rejuvenescent.

But Rosie hated it. If for nothing else, because it held the seeds of
possible change. After a chancy life, she valued most, of things
attainable by human beings, a life that was free from chances.

On this morning in spring an eagle slanted down the sky on wide, still
wings; the ice broke up and tinkled in Little Cub Creek in the cañon;
the orange and yellow shoots of the willows swelled out toward catkins;
and Rosie washed her clothes contentedly, secure in the knowledge that
there was no “then”; while over in his hole in the side of Old Baldy
Jim broke up her world with quick excited blows of a short-handled
miner’s pick.

She was hanging out the clothes on the squawberry bushes at the back
when she heard the impatient crash of his elk hide boots. She went
quickly through the house and stopped in the front door at sight of
him.

When he swung up his heavy bag of samples for a signal, she knew. Knew
before she heard his whoop. And when it cut across the stillness like
the whistle of a locomotive it struck her cold. It chilled the core of
her spirit, as an icy wind loosed in the tropics would chill a naked
native.

“Struck it, by thunder! Two hundred dollars to the ton, if it’s worth a
cent! An’ the vein as plain as a layer ’o choc’late in a cake!”

He fell into a chair on the porch. Rosie stood and stared at him. The
one thing he knew was ore. He had the kind of knowledge that men had
been willing to pay for when he’d sell it. His “then” had come. The
realization went through her consciousness in widening rings. Whatever
else it meant, it meant the end of this; the beginning of uncertainty.

He caught her in his arms and swept her into the cabin and danced her
about until the place shook.

“Didn’t I tell you? Didn’t I say you’d ride in your own auto yet? It
had to come, old lady, it jest nacherally had to come!”

He gave her a hug and turned her loose.

“I knowed it,” he said solemnly. “I’ve allus knowed it. Away down deep
in there--” he tapped his breast--“I’ve had a hunch.”

He flung himself into a chair and looked at her hard. “‘Ain’t you
glad?” he said suddenly.

She was like a boat that has luffed into the wind. For a moment her
mental sails hung flapping. Then they filled and strained and she set
out before this new cold breeze. She told him as best she could that
she was glad.

“To look at you a feller might think you was kinder sorry like,” he
said quizzically. “What’s the matter?”

“I was thinkin’ a little about how happy we’d been right here--just you
and me and the house you made yourself.”

“’Twarn’t a patch on what it’s gonna be,” he said, and jumped up and
was off with his samples to the assayer’s in Gray Dome. He stepped
strongly, as a young man does. Half the stoop was gone from his
shoulders.

Rosie turned back slowly and sat down heavily at the kitchen table, her
occupation gone. Jim didn’t need a grubstaker now. She sat there a long
time, while memories of other miners who had got rich swarmed in her
brain like little devils that fell over each other in their eagerness
to stab her: Senator Sherrill, and Tom Potts, the hotel man, and Hooker
Bates, who took his flier in Wall Street; and Mike Watson, who divorced
his wife for Dora Schoonmaker, and a dozen others. They made their
money and then were gathered in by women like the Schoonmakers. She had
seen so many of them. They always left the women they had picked up
when they were poor. Especially dance hall women. Even when they were
their wives.

And she and Jim had never been married.

                 *       *       *       *       *

But Rosie Briggs wasn’t a quitter. Little in her life had gone by
default. When the terms of the sale of the mine had been arranged and
everybody in Conifer County knew that Jim was going to be a rich man,
she capped his plans with hers and squared about to meet what was
coming. She went over her clothes and spruced up as much as she could
to match her new station. And very carefully she laid down a program of
buying to be carried out as soon as the money came in.

Among her things she found a picture that she had clipped from a
fashion magazine twelve years ago--a colored picture of an
electric-blue plush dress of a style that she had admired. She felt a
twinge of sadness as she wondered how many other things that she had
wanted and gone without would look as queer as that now.

The dress she had worn when Jim took her out of the dance hall--the red
dress with the spangles on it--looked queerer, but that night while Jim
was in the village on an errand after supper she put it on and sat
waiting for him by the fire, determined to play such cards as she had.

When he came in he stopped at the door of the little sitting room with
a whistle of surprize.

“I ain’t seen that for ten years. Didn’t know you had it.”

“It isn’t much--” she said, smoothing the skirt.

She had lengthened and renovated it as best she could. It was the only
piece of finery she owned.

“It’s all right. Lord, how purty I uster think it was!”

The windows were open to the night. The weather had turned suddenly
warm that day, as if the old earth had decided to start life all over
again with the Briggses. There was a moon, and the new tender leaves of
the aspens about the cabin made patterns on it that twinkled. You could
almost feel the soft wooly anemones thrusting up their oval spear
points outside.

The feel of it all had got into Rosie’s heart and driven out some of
her fears. She even had her old banjo in her lap. She wanted to prove
to him that she meant to help him to be happy. She touched the strings
and began to sing.

She knew only the songs that had been popular a good while
ago--“Daisy”, “Two Little Girls in Blue”, “Sweet Rosie O’Grady” and one
or two more of the same sort. These, to her, were “music”--all there
was of it. She sang:

    “Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer true.
    I’m half crazy, just for the love of you . . .”

and felt a load slipping from her heart as the snow slips from the
summit of Gray Dome Mountain when warm weather comes.

“Gosh!” Jim murmured. “You ain’t sung that sence--”

He let the sentence die. His eyes smiled above his grizzling brown
mustache and beard. She wanted to put down the banjo and go to him and
touch his hand. But she went on singing, pleased that she remembered
the tune so well, that her voice rang out so clear and true, and Jim
came and sat close beside her.

A strange, deliciously sweet odor crept in under the smells of growing
things and wet earth out there on the dripping mountainside. She felt
just then that Jim was as steadfast and as sure to stand by as the huge
silver spruce that the cabin was built against. She let her cheek rest
on the shoulder of his coat.

    “It won’t be a stylish marriage,
    For I can’t afford a carriage . . .”

The odor came more strongly. It was like orange flowers. She smiled at
the sentimental notion. Orange flowers on the side of Gray Dome--

    “But you’d look sweet--upon the seat
    Of a bicycle built--”

The odor came from Jim’s coat.

It said suddenly, “Lorraine Schoonmaker,” as plainly as Jim’s lips
could have said it. To smell it was to see the girl standing behind the
counter in the Gray Dome Dry Goods Company’s store. Probably there was
no one in town who would have failed to connect her with that perfume.

A knife seemed to unfold inside of Rosie. It cut her song off in the
middle of the line and brought her upright in her chair with a gasp.

“What’s the matter?” Jim said, startled.

She got to her feet. She almost came straight out with it. That would
have been like her. It was what she wanted to do. But for the first
time in many years she was afraid. She stared at Jim with deep
revulsion. Suddenly he was part of an elemental horror that she had
climbed out of long ago and that now was closing around her again.

“I--I hadn’t ought to’ve sung that,” she said thickly. “It--makes me
think too much of the old days,” and went stumbling off to the bedroom.

He followed her and stood around, saying things to comfort her, and
finally she pretended that her mood had passed. But when she lay still
at last by his side and thought about Lorraine Schoonmaker, hard lines
pulled at the corners of her mouth that hadn’t been there for fifteen
years. Long after all traces of it had vanished, she fancied that the
air was faintly touched with the perfume of orange flowers.

“Women” would have been bad enough, but he would have tired of them and
come back. There’d be no coming back from this girl of twenty-one,
clever and hard of mind and soft and pink of body, with the first taste
of what money could do fresh in her mouth.

Men didn’t come back from the Schoonmaker women. Behind Lorraine, with
her sleek black pomaded hair, her short tight pussy-willow taffeta one
piece gown, her chiffon stockings and high-heeled satin pumps with
rhinestone buckles, her vanity case almost as big as a traveling bag,
her jeweled wrist watch and swinging bead girdle, Rosie saw Ally
Schoonmaker, her older sister, who had married Timothy Bund practically
on his death-bed for his house and his shares in the North Star Mine.
And behind Ally, up the ladder of the years a rung or two, Dora
Schoonmaker, breaking up the Watson home when Mike Watson’s mine began
to pay, and somehow juggling him into a divorce from the woman who had
seen him through the lean grim years of penury and into marriage with
her and then carrying him off East. And Effie, the oldest of the four,
who had run away with Perce Williams, nearly two decades her junior,
when he came into his father’s money, and held him grimly to her side
ever since.

Yes, and even Bertha Schoonmaker, the mother, with her wig and her
dirty chiffon blouses and her painted cheeks and brown teeth and
pink-lined hats with floating pink veils, playing the man-game still,
at sixty-four. Their lean, rapacious Schoonmaker hands were all alike.
If Lorraine took Jim, she’d take him to keep. At the altar. For very
definite financial ends of her own.

The tacit bargain between Long Jim and Rosie had never got itself into
words; they hadn’t felt the need of them. He had pulled her out of
hell. The strength of her allegiance to him couldn’t be increased by
the mere saying of words, however sacred, or the giving of a ring.
Marriage would have added nothing to her side of it. Nor, she had
thought, to his. She wished now that she had it, but it had not
occurred to her to wish it before. She had had something so much
solider in poverty. Marriage might hold and it might not, but while he
had been dependent upon her for his food and clothes, there had been no
doubt.

She went back to that over and over that night, seeing the placid years
in the little house as very beautiful through a mist of pain. She had a
feeling that, pulling at the almost forgotten cadences of the song, she
had brought the past down about her ears. She felt the old trapped
fatalistic despair and sick rage, without the old vigor. Something
began banking up inside of her, steadily, relentlessly. She was
terribly afraid of it. It seemed to her that it was a great bubble of
black blood in her brain, and that when it burst-- She tried to keep
from thinking to ease the strain on it, but her thoughts streamed out
swiftly from oubliettes in obscure corners of her mind.

They were hideous thoughts and really not hers at all. It seemed that
some devil sent them to torture her. The unfairness of it gagged in her
throat. She had fought her way out of filth and blackness to cleanness
and the sun, and now, without volition, the old horror came on her
again from within--clicked through her brain like yards and yards of
cinema film. The current of her life had swept past its one clean
tranquil place and was swirling along muddied and normal. The familiar
ache was in her heart, and Rosie was herself again--Captain Mac, of
Al’s Dance Hall. You didn’t get away from things like that.

Well, there were things that Captain Mac knew how to do that Rosie
Briggs had forgotten. She had whipped a can along the street once with
revolver bullets as a child whips a hoop to the admiration of every
idle man in town, and ended the demonstration by shooting a stranger’s
plug hat off his head without disturbing his hair. Her whirling
thoughts showed her Jim’s old .44 in the left-hand end of the bottom
drawer of the dresser.

She must wait, she told herself--and her heart gave a great bound--she
must wait until she had them together! She laughed out with sudden
raucous cruelty in the still cool night. Jim stirred in his sleep but
didn’t waken. She raised herself on one elbow and looked down at him,
while her thoughts raced and danced, piling themselves into the bubble.

And then it burst and left her weak with compassion, seeing them
together in her mind’s eye; seeing them as clearly as the daylight that
was climbing over Gray Dome Mountain. That fragile, empty, smart little
thing and Long Jim Briggs! Gaunt, weathered, grizzled old Jim--and her!
She’d no more be able to shoot than to enter into her dead mother’s
womb and be born again.

Feeling as old as the granite hills that ramparted the cañon, and with
something too of their plain ineluctable dignity, she arose and dressed
herself and built the breakfast fire in the stove.

When Jim came out to her she got slowly to her feet, closed the damper
and faced him.

“Jim,” she said, “that girl don’t want you. Take a good look at
yourself in the mirror over there, and then think of her. She’ll throw
you away like a sucked orange when the money’s gone.”

Long Jim Briggs stood up with his head in the rafters of the tiny room
and stared like an idiot.

“I smelled her perfumery on your coat,” said Rosie shortly, and
comprehension dawned slowly in his face.

“Holy jumping June bugs!” he said from somewhere down in his boots. “So
that’s what you thought! Wait a minute. I was hidin’ it in the wood
house. I wanted to surprize you.”

In a moment he returned with a package. With awkward swift movements he
ripped off the wrapping paper and shook out the folds of a brilliant
electric blue plush dress of a fashion fallen into forgotten desuetude
ten years before.

He displayed it pridefully down the front of his long person, head
a-cock and a twinkle in his eye.

“That’s all there was between us! Smell it!” The room reeked of orange
blossoms. “She made it for me nights, to make some extra money. It’s
the kind you kep’ a picture of from a fashion book. I got it off your
dresser. Do you--do you like it, Rosie?”

She tried to speak, but could only nod her head. He patted her shoulder
awkwardly. The dress swam before her eyes like a pane of blue glass in
the rain.

“It’s goin’ to be the swellest weddin’,” he said huskily, “that little
old Gray Dome ever seen. An’ then--” he cleared his throat with a
rumble like summer thunder--“we’re goin’ to Denver an’ buy a house on
Capitol Hill an’ the finest auto in town, an’ a nigger to run it an’
drive around an’ tell ’em all to go to hell!”


[Transcriber’s Note: This story appeared in the July 1, 1928 issue of
Adventure magazine.]






*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ESPECIALLY DANCE HALL WOMEN ***


    

Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.


START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™
electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
    of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online
    at www.gutenberg.org. If you
    are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
  
1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

    • You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
        to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
        within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
        legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
        Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
        Literary Archive Foundation.”
    
    • You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
        does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
        License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
        works.
    
    • You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
        receipt of the work.
    
    • You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
    

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org.

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.


The Project Gutenberg eBook of The case of Charles Dexter Ward
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: The case of Charles Dexter Ward

Author: H. P. Lovecraft

Release date: May 5, 2024 [eBook #73547]

Language: English

Original publication: New York, NY: Weird Tales, 1941

Credits: Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE CASE OF CHARLES DEXTER WARD ***





                    The Case of Charles Dexter Ward

                          By H. P. LOVECRAFT

           [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
                      Weird Tales May, July 1941
         Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
         the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]


Here is THE CASE OF CHARLES DEXTER WARD--the last, and many think
the best, the most exciting--of all H. P. Lovecraft's superb weird
fantasies.

Discovered after years of difficult search--and pieced together with
as much careful patience as Charles Ward puts into his terrifying
researches in the story--August Derleth and Donald Wandrei at long last
had all the scattered pages of Lovecraft's novel complete.

The manuscript, gathered over the course of many years from attics,
forgotten strong boxes and old bureaus, is published now--in WEIRD
TALES.

In it you are going to read again of Cthulhu and the fearful
Necronomicon; in these pages you will also find a perfect wealth of new
thrills. In _Charles Ward_ you will read ... but why go on, when you're
just raring to get ahead with the story?

So just turn the page--and on with the show!

       *       *       *       *       *

    The essential Saltes of Animals may be so prepared and preserved,
    that an ingenious Man may have the whole Ark of Noah in his owne
    Studie and raise the fine shape of an Animal out of its Ashes at
    his Pleasure; and by the lyke method from the essential Saltes of
    humane Dust, a Philosopher may, without any criminal Necromancy,
    call up the Shape of any dead Ancestour from the Dust whereinto his
    Bodie has been incinerated.

                                                              BORELLUS.




                     _1. A Result and a Prologue_

From a private hospital for the insane near Providence, Rhode Island,
there recently disappeared an exceedingly singular person. He bore
the name of Charles Dexter Ward, and was placed under restraint most
reluctantly by his grieving father.

The patient seemed oddly older than his twenty-six years would warrant;
his face had taken on a subtle cast which only the very aged usually
acquire. While his organic processes showed a certain queerness
of proportion which nothing in medical experience can parallel.
Respiration and heart action had a baffling lack of symmetry, the voice
was lost, so that no sounds above a whisper were possible, digestion
was incredibly prolonged and minimized. The skin had a morbid chill and
dryness, and the cellular structure of the tissue seemed exaggeratedly
coarse and loosely-knit. Even a large olive birthmark on his right hip
had disappeared, whilst there had formed on his chest a very peculiar
mole or blackish spot of which no trace existed before.

Psychologically, too, Charles Ward was unique. His madness held no
affinity to any sort recorded in even the latest and most exhaustive
of treatises, and was conjoined to a mental force which would have
made him a genius or a leader had it not been twisted into strange and
grotesque forms.

Only Dr. Willett, who brought Charles Ward into the world and watched
his growth of body and mind ever since, seemed frightened at the
thought of his future freedom. He had had a terrible experience and had
made a terrible discovery which he dared not reveal to his skeptical
colleagues. Willett, indeed, presents a minor mystery all his own
in his connection with the case. He was the last to see the patient
before his flight, and emerged from that final conversation in a state
of mixed horror and relief which several recalled when Ward's escape
became known three hours later. That escape itself is one of the
unsolved wonders of Dr. Waite's hospital. A window open above a sheer
drop of sixty feet could hardly explain it, yet after that talk with
Willett the youth was undeniably gone.

He had found Ward in his room, but shortly after his departure the
attendants knocked in vain. When they opened the door the patient was
not there, and all they found was the open window with a chill April
breeze blowing in a cloud of fine bluish-gray dust that almost choked
them. True, the dogs had howled some time before; but that was while
Willett was still present, and they had caught nothing and shown
no disturbance later on. Ward's father was told at once over the
telephone, but he seemed more saddened than surprised. By the time Dr.
Waite called in person, Dr. Willett had been talking with him, and both
disavowed any knowledge or complicity in the escape. Only from certain
closely confidential friends of Willett and the senior Ward have any
clues been gained, and even these are too wildly fantastic for general
credence. The one fact which remains is that up to the present time no
trace of the missing madman has been unearthed.

       *       *       *       *       *

Charles Ward was an antiquarian from infancy, no doubt gaining his
taste from the venerable town around him, and from the relics of the
past which filled every corner of his parent's old mansion in Prospect
Street on the crest of the hill. With the years his devotion to ancient
things increased; so that history, genealogy, and the study of Colonial
architecture, furniture, and craftsmanship at length crowded everything
else from his sphere of interests. These tastes are important to
remember in considering his madness. One would have fancied the patient
literally transferred to a former age through some obscure sort of
auto-hypnosis. The odd thing was that Ward seemed no longer interested
in the antiquities he knew so well. He had, it appears, lost his regard
for them through sheer familiarity; and all his final efforts were
obviously bent toward mastering those common facts of the modern world
which had been so totally and unmistakably expunged from his brain. His
whole program of reading and conversation was determined by a frantic
wish to imbibe such knowledge of his own life and of the ordinary
practical and cultural background of the twentieth century as ought to
have been his by virtue of his birth in 1902 and his education in the
schools of our own time. Alienists are of the dominant opinion that the
escaped patient is "lying low" in some humble and unexacting position
till his stock of modern information can be brought up to the normal.

The beginning of Ward's madness is a matter of dispute among alienists.
Dr. Lyman, the eminent Boston authority, places it in 1919 or 1920,
during the boy's last year at the Moses Brown School, when he suddenly
turned from the study of the past to the study of the occult, and
refused to qualify for college on the ground that he had individual
researches of much greater importance to make.

It is, broadly speaking, undeniable that the winter of 1919-20 saw
a great change in Ward; whereby he abruptly dropped his general
antiquarian pursuits and embarked on a desperate delving into occult
subjects both at home and abroad, varied only by this strangely
persistent search for his fore-father's grave.

From this opinion, however, Dr. Willett substantially dissents, basing
his verdict on his close and continuous knowledge of the patient, and
on certain frightful investigations and discoveries which he made
toward the last.

Those investigations and discoveries have left their mark upon him; so
that his voice trembles when he tells them, and his hand trembles when
he tries to write of them.

The true madness, he is certain, came with a later change; after the
Curwen portrait and the ancient papers had been unearthed; after a trip
to strange foreign places had been made, and some terrible invocations
chanted under strange and secret circumstances; after certain _answers_
to these invocations had been plainly indicated, and a frantic letter
penned under agonizing and inexplicable conditions; after the wave of
vampirism and the ominous Pawtuxet gossip; and after the patient's
memory commenced to exclude contemporary images whilst his voice failed
and his physical aspect underwent the subtle modification so many
subsequently noticed.

It was only about this time, Willett points out with much acuteness,
that the nightmare qualities became indubitably linked with Ward, and
the doctor feels shudderingly sure that enough solid evidence exists to
sustain the youth's claim regarding his crucial discovery. There were
the mysteries and coincidences of the Orne and Hutchinson letters, and
the problem of the Curwen penmanship and of what the detectives brought
to light about Dr. Allen; these things, and the terrible message
in mediaeval minuscules found in Willett's pocket when he gained
consciousness after his shocking experience.

And most conclusive of all, there are the two hideous _results_ which
the doctor obtained from a certain pair of formulae during his final
investigations; results which virtually proved the authenticity of the
papers and of their monstrous implications at the same time that those
papers were borne for ever from human knowledge.

       *       *       *       *       *

One must look back at Charles Ward's earlier life as at something
belonging as much to the past as the antiquities he loved so keenly.

His home was a great Georgian mansion atop the well-nigh precipitous
hill that rises just east of the river, and from the rear windows of
its rambling wings he could look dizzily out over all the clustered
spires, domes, roofs and skyscraper summits of the lower town to the
purple hills of the countryside beyond. Here he was born, and from the
lovely classic porch of the double-bayed brick façade his nurse had
first wheeled him in his carriage; past the little white farmhouse of
two hundred years before that the town had long ago overtaken, and on
toward the stately colleges along the shady, sumptuous street, whose
old square brick mansions and smaller wooden houses with narrow,
heavy-columned Doric porches dreamed solid and exclusive amidst their
generous yards and gardens.

He had been wheeled, too, along sleepy Congdon Street, one tier lower
down on the steep hill, and with all its eastern houses on high
terraces. The small wooden houses averaged a greater age here, for
it was up this hill that the growing town had climbed. One of the
child's first memories is of the great westward sea of hazy roofs and
domes and steeples and far hills which he saw one winter afternoon
from that great railed embankment, all violet and mystic against a
fevered, apocalyptic sunset of reds and golds and purples and curious
greens. The vast marble dome of the State House stood out in massive
silhouette, its crowning statue haloed fantastically by a break in one
of the tinted stratus clouds that barred the flaming sky.

When he was larger his famous walks began; first with his impatiently
dragged nurse and then alone in dreamy meditation. One may picture him
yet as he was in those days; tall, slim, and blond, with studious eyes
and a slight stoop, dressed somewhat carelessly, and giving a dominant
impression of harmless awkwardness rather than attractiveness.

He would seek for vivid contrasts; spending half a walk in the
crumbling colonial regions northwest of his home, where the hill drops
to the lower eminence of Stampers Hill with its ghetto and Negro
quarter clustering round the place where the Boston stagecoach used
to start before the Revolution, and the other half in the gracious
southerly realm about George, Benevolent, Power, and Williams Streets,
where the old slope holds unchanged the fine estates and bits of walled
garden and steep green lane in which so many fragrant memories linger.

Dr. Willett is certain that, up to this ill-omened winter of first
change, Charles Ward's antiquarianism was free from every trace of
the morbid. Graveyards held for him no particular attraction beyond
their quaintness and historic value, and of anything like violence or
savage instinct he was utterly devoid. Then, by insidious degrees,
there appeared to develop a curious sequel to one of his genealogical
triumphs of the year before; when he had discovered among his maternal
ancestors a certain very long-lived man named Joseph Curwen, who had
come from Salem in March of 1692, and about whom a whispered series of
highly peculiar and disquieting stories clustered.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ward's great-great-grandfather Welcome Potter had in 1785 married a
certain "Ann Tillinghast, daughter to Mrs. Eliza, daughter to Capt.
James Tillinghast," of whose paternity the family had preserved no
trace. Late in 1918, whilst examining a volume of original town records
in manuscript, the young genealogist encountered an entry describing a
legal change of name, by which in 1772 a Mrs. Eliza Curwen, widow of
Joseph Curwen, resumed, along with her seven-year-old daughter Ann,
her maiden name of Tillinghast; on the ground "that her Husband's
name was become a public Reproach by Reason of what was knowne after
his Decease; the which confirming antient common Rumour, tho' not to
be credited by a loyall Wife till so proven as to be wholely past
Doubting." This entry came to light upon the accidental separation of
two leaves which had been carefully pasted together and treated as one
by a labored revision of the page numbers.

It was at once clear to Charles Ward that he had indeed discovered a
hitherto unknown great-great-great-grandfather. Having discovered his
own relationship to this apparently "hushed-up" character, he at once
proceeded to hunt out as systematically as possible whatever he might
find concerning him. In this excited quest he eventually succeeded
beyond his highest expectations, for old letters, diaries and sheaves
of unpublished memoirs in cobwebbed Providence garrets and elsewhere
yielded many illuminating passages which their writers had not thought
it worth their while to destroy. One important sidelight came from
a point as remote as New York, where some Rhode Island colonial
correspondence was stored in the Museum at Fraunces' Tavern. The really
crucial thing, though, and what in Dr. Willett's opinion formed the
definite source of Ward's undoing, was the matter found in August,
1919, behind the panelling of the crumbling house in Olney Court. It
was that, beyond a doubt, which opened up those black vistas whose end
was deeper than the pit.




                    _2. An Antecedent and a Horror_


Joseph Curwen, as revealed by the rambling legends embodied in what
Ward heard and unearthed, was a very astonishing, enigmatic, obscurely
horrible individual. He had fled from Salem to Providence--that
universal haven of the odd, the free, and the dissenting--at the
beginning of the great witchcraft panic; being in fear of accusation
because of his solitary ways and queer chemical or alchemical
experiments. He was a colorless-looking man of about thirty, and was
soon found qualified to become a freeman of Providence; thereafter
buying a home lot just north of Gregory Dexter's at about the foot of
Olney Street. His house was built on Stampers Hill west of the Town
Street, in what later became Olney Court; and in 1761 he replaced this
with a larger one, on the same site, which is still standing.

Now the first odd thing about Joseph Curwen was that he did not seem
to grow much older than he had been on his arrival. He engaged in
shipping enterprises, purchased wharfage near Mile-End Cove, helped
rebuild the Great Bridge in 1713, and in 1723 was one of the founders
of the Congregational Church on the hill; but always did he retain the
nondescript aspect of a man not greatly over thirty or thirty-five.
As the decades mounted up, this singular quality began to excite wide
notice; but Curwen always explained it by saying that he came of hardy
forefathers, and practiced a simplicity of living which did not wear
him out. How such simplicity could be reconciled with the inexplicable
comings and goings of the secretive merchant, and with the queer
gleamings of his windows at all hours of night, was not very clear to
the townsfolk; and they were prone to assign other reasons for his
continued youth and longevity. It was held, for the most part, that
Curwen's incessant mixings and boilings of chemicals had much to do
with his condition. At length, when over fifty years had passed since
the stranger's advent, and without producing more than five years'
apparent change in his face and physique, the people began to whisper
more darkly; and to meet more than halfway that desire for isolation
which he had always shown.

Private letters and diaries of the period reveal, too, a multitude
of other reasons why Joseph Curwen was marvelled at, feared, and
finally shunned like a plague. His passion for graveyards, in which
he was glimpsed at all hours and under all conditions, was notorious;
though no one had witnessed any deed on his part which could actually
be termed ghoulish. On the Pawtuxet Road he had a farm, at which he
generally lived during the summer, and to which he would frequently be
seen riding at various odd times of the day or night. Here his only
visible servants, farmers, and caretakers were a sullen pair of aged
Narragansett Indians; the husband dumb and curiously scarred, and the
wife of a very repulsive cast of countenance, probably due to a mixture
of Negro blood. In the lean-to of this house was the laboratory where
most of the chemical experiments were conducted. Curious porters
and teamers who delivered bottles, bags or boxes at the small rear
door would exchange accounts of the fantastic flasks, crucibles,
alembics, and furnaces they saw in the low-shelved room; and prophesied
in whispers that the close-mouthed "chymist"--by which they meant
_alchemist_--would not be long in finding the Philosopher's Stone.
The nearest neighbors to this farm--the Fenners, a quarter of a mile
away--had still queerer things to tell of certain sounds which they
insisted came from the Curwen place in the night. There were cries,
they said, and sustained howlings; and they did not like the large
number of livestock which thronged the pastures. Then, too, there was
something very obnoxious about a certain great stone outbuilding with
only high narrow slits for windows.

Great Bridge idlers likewise had much to say of Curwen's town house in
Olney Court; not so much the fine new one built in 1761, when the man
must have been nearly a century old, but the first low gambrel-roofed
one with the windowless attic and shingled sides, whose timbers he took
the peculiar precaution of burning after its demolition. Here there
was less mystery, it is true; but the hours at which lights were seen,
the secretiveness of the two swarthy foreigners who comprised the only
manservants, the hideous indistinct mumbling of the incredibly aged
French housekeeper, the large amounts of food seen to enter a door
within which only four persons lived, and the _quality_ of certain
voices often heard in muffled conversation at highly unseasonable
times, all combined with what was known of the Pawtuxet farm to give
the place a bad name.

       *       *       *       *       *

In choicer circles, too, the Curwen home was by no means undiscussed;
for as the newcomer had gradually worked into the church and trading
life of the town, he had naturally made acquaintances of the better
sort, whose company and conversation he was well fitted by education to
enjoy.

His birth was known to be good, since the Curwens or Carwens of Salem
needed no introduction in New England. It developed that Joseph Curwen
had traveled much in very early life, living for a time in England and
making at least two voyages to the Orient; and his speech, when he
deigned to use it, was that of a learned and cultivated Englishman.
There seemed to lurk in his bearing some cryptic, sardonic arrogance,
as if he had come to find all human beings dull through having moved
among stranger and more potent entities.

In 1746 Mr. John Merritt, an elderly English gentleman of literary and
scientific leanings, came from Newport to the town which was so rapidly
overtaking it in standing, and built a fine country seat on the Neck in
what is now the heart of the best residence section where he lived in
considerable style and comfort. Hearing of Curwen as the owner of the
best library in Providence, Mr. Merritt early paid him a call, and was
more cordially received than most other callers at the house had been.
Curwen suggested a visit to the farmhouse and laboratory whither he
had never invited anyone before; and the two drove out at once in Mr.
Merritt's coach.

Mr. Merritt maintained that the titles of the books in the special
library of thaumaturgical, alchemical, and theological subjects which
Curwen kept in a front room were alone sufficient to inspire him with a
lasting loathing. This bizarre collection, besides a host of standard
works which Mr. Merritt was not too alarmed to envy, embraced nearly
all the cabalists, demonologists, and magicians known to man; and was a
treasure-house of lore in the doubtful realms of alchemy and astrology.
Hermes Trismegistus in Mesnard's edition, the _Turba Philosophorum_,
Geber's _Liber Investigationis_, and Artephous' _Key of Wisdom_ all
were there; with the cabalistic _Zohar_, Peter Jammy's set of Albertus
Magnus, Raymond Lully's _Ars Magna et Ultima_ in Zetzner's edition,
Roger Bacon's _Thesaurus Chemicus_, Fludd's _Clavis Alchimiae_, and
Trithemius' _De Lapide Philosophico_ crowding them close. Mediaeval
Jews and Arabs were represented in profusion, and Mr. Merritt turned
pale when, upon taking down a fine volume conspicuously labeled as the
_Qunoon-e-Islam_, he found it was in truth the forbidden _Necronomicon_
of the mad Arab Abdul Al-hazred, of which he had heard such monstrous
things whispered some years previously after the exposure of nameless
rites at the strange little fishing village of Kingsport, in the
Province of the Massachusetts-Bay.

But the worthy gentleman owned himself most impalpably disquieted by a
mere minor detail. On the huge mahogany table there lay face downward
a badly worn copy of Borellus, bearing many cryptical marginalia and
interlineations in Curwen's hand.

The book was open at about its middle, and one paragraph displayed
such thick and tremulous pen-strokes beneath the lines of mystic
black-letters that the visitor could not resist scanning it through. He
recalled it to the end of his days, writing it down from memory in his
diary and once trying to recite it to his close friend Dr. Checkley,
till he saw how greatly it disturbed that urbane rector. It read:

    The essential Saltes of Animals may be so prepared and preserved,
    that an ingenious Man may have the whole Ark of Noah in his owne
    Studie, and raise the fine Shape of an Animal out of its Ashes at
    his Pleasure; and by the lyke Method from the essential Saltes of
    humane Dust, a Philosopher may, without any criminal Necromancy,
    call up the Shape of any dead Ancestour from the Dust whereinto his
    Bodie has been incinerated.

       *       *       *       *       *

It was near the docks along the southerly part of the Town Street,
however, that the worst things were muttered about Joseph Curwen.
Sailors are superstitious folk; and all made strange furtive signs of
protection when they saw the slim, deceptively young-looking figure
with its yellow hair and slight stoop entering the Curwen warehouse
in Doubloon Street or talking with captains and supercargos on the
long quay where the Curwen ships rode restlessly. Curwen's own clerks
and captains hated and feared him, and all his sailors were mongrel
riff-raff from Martinique, St. Eustatius, Havana, or Port Royal. It
was, in a way, the frequency with which these sailors were replaced,
which inspired the acutest and most tangible part of the fear in which
the old man was held, and in time it became exceedingly difficult for
Curwen to keep his oddly assorted hands.

By 1760 Joseph Curwen was virtually an outcast, suspected of vague
horrors and daemoniac alliances which seemed all the more menacing
because they could not be named, understood, or even proved to exist.

Meanwhile the merchant's worldly affairs were prospering. He had a
virtual monopoly of the town's trade in saltpetre, black pepper, and
cinnamon, and easily led any other one shipping establishment save the
Browns in his importation of brassware, indigo, cotton, woollens, salt,
rigging, iron, paper and English goods of every kind. Curwen was, in
fact, one of the prime exporters of the Colony.

       *       *       *       *       *

The sight of this strange, pallid man, hardly middle-aged in aspect
yet certainly not less than a full century old, seeking at last to
emerge from a cloud of fright and detestation too vague to pin down or
analyze, was at once a pathetic, a dramatic, and a contemptible thing.
Such is the power of wealth and of surface gestures, however, that
there came indeed a slight abatement in the visible aversion displayed
toward him; especially after the rapid disappearances of his sailors
abruptly ceased. He must likewise have begun to practice an extreme
care and secrecy in his graveyard expeditions, for he was never again
caught at such wanderings; whilst the rumors of uncanny sounds and
maneuvers at his Pawtuxet farm diminished in proportion.

But the effect of all this belated mending was necessarily slight.
Curwen continued to be avoided and distrusted, as indeed the one fact
of his continued air of youth at a great age would have been enough
to warrant; and he could see that in the end his fortunes would be
likely to suffer. So about this time the crafty scholar hit upon a last
desperate expedient to regain his footing in the community. Hitherto
a complete hermit, he now determined to contract an advantageous
marriage; securing as a bride some lady whose unquestioned position
would make all ostracism of his home impossible. It may be that he also
had deeper reasons for wishing an alliance; reasons so far outside
the known cosmic sphere that only papers found a century and a half
after his death caused anyone to suspect them; but of this nothing
certain can ever be learned. Naturally he was aware of the horror and
indignation with which any ordinary courtship of his would be received,
hence looked about for some likely candidate upon whose parents he
might exert a suitable pressure. Such candidates, he found, were not
at all easy to discover; since he had very particular requirements in
the way of beauty, accomplishments, and social security. At length his
survey narrowed down to the household of one of his best and oldest
ship-captains, a widower of high birth and unblemished standing named
Dutie Tillinghast, whose only daughter Eliza seemed dowered with every
conceivable advantage save prospects as an heiress. Captain Tillinghast
was completely under the domination of Curwen; and consented, after
a terrible interview in his cupolaed house on Power's Lane hill, to
sanction the blasphemous alliance.

       *       *       *       *       *

Eliza Tillinghast was at that time eighteen years of age, and had been
reared as gently as the reduced circumstances of her father permitted.
Her arguments with her father concerning the proposed Curwen marriage
must have been painful indeed; but of these we have no record. Certain
it is that her engagement to young Ezra Weeden, second mate of the
Crawford packet _Enterprise_, was dutifully broken off, and that her
union with Joseph Curwen took place on the seventh of March, 1763, in
the Baptist church, in the presence of one of the most distinguished
assemblages which the town could boast; the ceremony being performed
by the youngest Samuel Winson. The _Gazette_ mentioned the event very
briefly, and in most surviving copies the item in question seems to be
cut or torn out. Ward found a single intact copy after much search in
the archives of a private collector of note, observing with amusement
the meaningless urbanity of the language:

    Monday evening last, Mr. Joseph Curwen, of this Town, Merchant,
    was married to Miss Eliza Tillinghast, Daughter of Captain Dutie
    Tillinghast, a young Lady who has real Merit, added to a beautiful
    Person, to grace the connubial State and perpetuate its Felicity.

The social influence of the Tillinghasts, however, was not to be
denied; and once more Joseph Curwen found his house frequented by
persons whom he could never otherwise have induced to cross his
threshold. His acceptance was by no means complete, and his bride was
socially the sufferer through her forced venture; but at all events the
wall of utter ostracism was somewhat worn down. In his treatment of
his wife the strange bridegroom astonished both her and the community
by displaying an extreme graciousness and consideration. The new house
in Olney Court was now wholly free from disturbing manifestations,
and although Curwen was much absent at the Pawtuxet farm which his
wife never visited, he seemed more like a normal citizen than at any
other time in his long years of residence. Only one person remained
in open enmity with him, this being the youthful ship's officer
whose engagement to Eliza Tillinghast had been so abruptly broken.
Ezra Weeden had frankly vowed vengeance; and though of a quiet and
originally mild disposition, was now gaining a hate-bred, dogged
purpose which boded no good to the usurping husband.

On the seventh of May, 1765, Curwen's only child Ann was born; and was
christened by the Reverend John Graves of King's Church, of which both
husband and wife had become communicants shortly after their marriage,
in order to compromise between their respective Congregational and
Baptist affiliations. The record of this birth, as well as that of
the marriage two years before, was stricken from most copies of the
church and town annals where it ought to appear; and Charles Ward
located both with the greatest difficulty after his discovery of the
widow's change of name had apprised him of his own relationship, and
engendered the feverish interest which culminated in his madness. The
birth entry, indeed, was found very curiously through correspondence
with the heirs of the loyalist Dr. Graves, who had taken with him a
duplicate set of records when he left his pastorate at the outbreak
of the Revolution. Ward had tried this source because he knew that
his great-great-grandmother, Ann Tillinghast Potter, had been an
Episcopalian.

Shortly after the birth of his daughter, an event he seemed to welcome
with a fervor greatly out of keeping with his usual coldness, Curwen
resolved to sit for a portrait. This he had painted by a very gifted
Scotsman named Cosmo Alexander, then a resident of Newport, and since
famous as the early teacher of Gilbert Stuart. The likeness was said to
have been executed on a wall-panel of the library of the house in Olney
Court, but neither of the two old diaries mentioning it gave any hint
of its ultimate disposition.

       *       *       *       *       *

In 1766 came the final change in Joseph Curwen. It was very sudden,
and gained wide notice amongst the curious townsfolk; for the air of
suspense and expectancy dropped like an old cloak, giving instant place
to an ill-concealed exaltation of perfect triumph. It was after this
transition, which appears to have come early in July, that the sinister
scholar began to astonish people by his possession of information which
only their long-dead ancestors would seem to be able to impart.

But Curwen's feverish secret activities by no means ceased with this
change. On the contrary, they tended rather to increase; so that more
and more of his shipping business was handled by the captains whom
he now bound to him by ties of fear as potent as those of bankruptcy
had been. He altogether abandoned the slave trade, alleging that its
profits were constantly decreasing. Every possible moment was spent
at the Pawtuxet farm; though there were rumors now and then of his
presence in places which, though not actually near graveyards, were yet
so situated in relation to graveyards that thoughtful people wondered
just how thorough the old merchant's change of habits really was.
Ezra Weeden, though his periods of espionage were necessarily brief
and intermittent on account of his sea voyaging, had a vindictive
persistence which the bulk of the practical townsfolk and farmers
lacked; and subjected Curwen's affairs to a scrutiny such as they had
never had before.

Smuggling and evasion were the rule in Narragansett Bay, and nocturnal
landings of illicit cargoes were continuous commonplaces. But Weeden,
night after night, following the lighters or small sloops which he saw
steal off from the Curwen warehouses at the Town Street docks, soon
felt assured that it was not merely His Majesty's armed ships which the
sinister skulker was anxious to avoid. The lighters were wont to put
out from the black silent docks, and they would go down the bay some
distance, perhaps as far as Namquit Point, where they would meet and
receive cargo from strange ships of considerable size and widely varied
appearance. Curwen's sailors would then deposit this cargo at the usual
point on the shore, and transport it overland to the farm; locking it
in the same cryptical stone building which had formerly received the
Negroes. The cargo consisted almost wholly of boxes and cases, of which
a large proportion were oblong and heavy, and disturbingly suggestive
of coffins.

Weeden always watched the farm with unremitting assiduity, visiting
it each night for long periods, and seldom letting a week go by
without a sight except when the ground bore a footprint-revealing
snow. Finding his own vigils interrupted by nautical duties, he hired
a tavern companion named Eleazar Smith to continue the survey during
his absences; and between them the two could have set in motion some
extraordinary rumors. That they did not do so was only because they
knew the effect of publicity would be to warn their quarry and make
further progress impossible.

       *       *       *       *       *

It is gathered that Weeden and Smith became early convinced that a
great series of tunnels and catacombs, inhabited by a very sizable
staff of persons besides the old Indian and his wife, underlay the
farm. The house was an old peaked relic of the middle seventeenth
century with enormous stack chimney and diamond-paned lattice windows,
the laboratory being in a lean-to toward the north, where the roof
came nearly to the ground. This building stood clear of any other; yet
judging by the different voices heard at odd times within, it must
have been accessible through secret passages beneath. These voices
ran the gamut betwixt dronings of dull acquiescence and explosions of
frantic pain or fury, rumblings of conversation and whines of entreaty,
pantings of eagerness and shouts of protest. They appeared to be in
different languages, all known to Curwen, whose rasping accents were
frequently distinguishable in reply, reproof, or threatening.

Weeden had many verbatim reports of overheard scraps in his notebook,
for English, French, and Spanish, which he knew, were frequently used;
but of these nothing has survived. He did, however, say that besides a
few ghoulish dialogues in which the past affairs of Providence families
were concerned, most of the questions and answers he could understand
were historical or scientific; occasionally pertaining to very remote
places and ages. Once, for example, an alternately raging and sullen
figure was questioned in French about the Black Prince's massacre at
Limoges in 1370, as if there were some hidden reason which he ought to
know. Curwen asked the prisoner--if prisoner it were--whether the order
to slay was given because of the Sign of the Goat found on the altar
in the ancient Roman crypt beneath the cathedral, or whether The Dark
Man of the Haute Vienne Coven had spoken the Three Words. Failing to
obtain replies, the inquisitor had seemingly resorted to extreme means;
for there was a terrific shriek followed by silence and muttering and a
bumping sound.

None of these colloquies was ever ocularly witnessed, since the windows
were always heavily draped. Later, no more conversations were ever
heard in the house, and Weeden and Smith concluded that Curwen had
transferred his field of action to regions below.

That such regions in truth existed, seemed amply clear from many
things. Faint cries and groans unmistakably came up now and then from
what appeared to be the solid earth in places far from any structure;
whilst hidden in the bushes along the river-bank in the rear, where the
high ground sloped steeply down to the valley of the Pawtuxet, there
was found an arched oaken door in a frame of heavy masonry, which was
obviously an entrance to caverns within the hill.

       *       *       *       *       *

It was in January, 1770, whilst Weeden and Smith were still debating
vainly on what, if anything, to think or do about the whole bewildering
business, that the incident of the _Fortaleza_ occurred. Exasperated
by the burning of the revenue sloop _Liberty_ at Newport during the
previous summer, the customs fleet under Admiral Wallace had adopted an
increased vigilance concerning strange vessels; and on this occasion
His Majesty's armed schooner _Cygnet_, under Captain Charles Leshe,
captured after a short pursuit one early morning the scow _Fortaleza_
of Barcelona, Spain, under Captain Manuel Arruda, bound according to
its log from Grand Cairo, Egypt, to Providence. When searched for
contraband material, this ship revealed the astonishing fact that its
cargo consisted exclusively of Egyptian mummies, consigned to "Sailor
A. B. C.," who would come to remove his goods in a lighter just off
Namquit Point, and whose identity Captain Arruda felt himself in honor
bound not to reveal. The Vice-Admiralty Court at Newport, at a loss
what to do in view of the non-contraband nature of the cargo on the
one hand and of the unlawful secrecy of the entry on the other hand,
compromised on Collector Robinson's recommendation by freeing the
ship but forbidding it a port in Rhode Island waters. There were later
rumors of its having been seen in Boston Harbor, though it never openly
entered the Port of Boston.

This extraordinary incident did not fail of wide remark in Providence
and there were not many who doubted the existence of some connection
between the cargo of mummies and the sinister Joseph Curwen; it did
not take much imagination to link him with a freakish importation
which could not conceivably have been destined for anyone else in
the town. Weeden and Smith, of course, felt no doubt whatsoever of
the significance of the thing; and indulged in the wildest theories
concerning Curwen and his monstrous labors.

The following spring, like that of the year before, had heavy rains;
and the watchers kept careful track of the river-bank behind the Curwen
farm. Large sections were washed away, and a certain number of bones
discovered; but no glimpse was afforded of any actual subterranean
chambers or burrows. Something was rumored, however, at the village
of Pawtuxet about a mile below, where the river flows in falls over a
rocky terrace to join the placid landlocked cove. The fisherfolk about
the bridge did not like the wild way that one of the things stared as
it shot down to the still water below, or the way that another half
cried out although its condition had greatly departed from that of
objects which normally cry out.

That rumor sent Smith--for Weeden was just then at sea--in haste to
the river-bank behind the farm; where surely enough there remained the
evidences of an extensive cave-in. Smith went to the extent of some
experimental digging, but was deterred by lack of success--or perhaps
by fear of possible success. It is interesting to speculate on what the
persistent and revengeful Weeden would have done had he been ashore at
the time.

       *       *       *       *       *

By the autumn of 1770 Weeden decided that the time was ripe to tell
others of his discoveries; for he had a large number of facts to link
together, and a second eye-witness to refute the possible charge
that jealousy and vindictiveness had spurred his fancy. As his first
confidant he selected Captain James Mathewson of the _Enterprise_,
who on the one hand knew him well enough not to doubt his veracity,
and on the other hand was sufficiently influential in the town to be
heard in turn with respect. The colloquy took place in an upper room
of Sabin's Tavern near the docks, with Smith present to corroborate
virtually every statement; and it could be seen that Captain Mathewson
was tremendously impressed. Like nearly everyone else in the town,
he had had black suspicions of his own anent Joseph Curwen; hence it
needed only this confirmation and enlargement of data to convince
him absolutely. At the end of the conference he was very grave, and
enjoined strict silence upon the two younger men.

The right persons to tell, he believed, would be Dr. Benjamin West,
whose pamphlet on the late transit of Venus proved him a scholar
and keen thinker; Reverend James Manning, President of the College;
ex-Governor Stephen Hopkins, who had been a member of the Philosophical
Society at Newport, and was a man of very broad perceptions; John
Carter, publisher of the _Gazette_; all four of the Brown brothers,
John, Joseph, Nicholas and Moses, who formed the recognized local
magnates; old Dr. Jabez Bowen, whose erudition was considerable, and
who had much first-hand knowledge of Curwen's odd purchases; and
Captain Abraham Whipple, a privateersman of phenomenal boldness and
energy who could be counted on to lead in any active measures needed.

The mission of Captain Mathewson prospered beyond his highest
expectations; for whilst he found one or two of the chosen confidants
somewhat skeptical of the possible ghostly side of Weeden's tale, there
was not one who did not think it necessary to take some sort of secret
and coördinated action. Curwen, it was clear, formed a vague potential
menace to the welfare of the town and Colony; and must be eliminated at
any cost.

Late in December, 1770, a group of eminent townsmen met at the home of
Stephen Hopkins and debated tentative measures. Weeden's notes, which
he had given to Captain Mathewson, were carefully read; and he and
Smith were summoned to give testimony anent details. Something very
like fear seized the whole assemblage before the meeting was over,
though there ran through that fear a grim determination which Captain
Whipple's bluff and resonant profanity best expressed. They would not
notify the Governor, because a more than legal course seemed necessary.
With hidden powers of uncertain extent apparently at his disposal,
Curwen was not a man who could safely be warned to leave town. He must
be surprised at his Pawtuxet farm by a large raiding party of seasoned
privateersmen and given one decisive chance to explain himself. If
he proved a madman, amusing himself with shrieked and imaginary
conversations in different voices, he would be properly confined. If
something graver appeared, and if the underground horrors indeed turned
out to be real, he and all with him must die. It could be done quietly,
and even the widow and her father need not be told how it came about.

       *       *       *       *       *

While these serious steps were under discussion there occurred in the
town an incident so terrible and inexplicable that for a time little
else was mentioned for miles around. In the middle of a moonlit
January night with heavy snow underfoot there resounded over the river
and up the hill a shocking series of cries which brought sleepy heads
to every window; and people around Weybosset Point saw a great white
thing plunging frantically along the badly cleared space in front of
the Turk's Head. There was a baying of dogs in the distance, but this
subsided as soon as the clamor of the awakened town became audible.
Parties of men with lanterns and muskets hurried out to see what
was happening, but nothing rewarded their search. The next morning,
however, a giant, muscular body, stark naked, was found on the jams
of ice around the southern piers of the Great Bridge, where the Long
Dock stretched out beside Abbott's distil-house, and the identity of
this object became a theme for endless speculation and whispering. It
was not so much the younger as the older folk who whispered, for only
in the patriarchs did that rigid face with horror-bulging eyes strike
any chord of memory. They, shaking as they did so, exchanged furtive
murmurs of wonder and fear; for in those stiff, hideous features lay a
resemblance so marvelous as to be almost an identity--and that identity
was with a man who had died full fifty years before.

Ezra Weeden was present at the finding; and remembering the baying
of the night before, set out along Weybosset Street and across Muddy
Dock Bridge whence the sound had come. He had a curious expectancy,
and was not surprised when, reaching the edge of the settled district
where the street merged into the Pawtuxet Road, he came upon some very
curious tracks in the snow. The naked giant had been pursued by dogs
and many booted men, and the returning tracks of the hounds and their
masters could be easily traced. They had given up the chase upon coming
too near the town. Weeden smiled grimly, and as a perfunctory detail
traced the footprints back to their source. It was the Pawtuxet farm
of Joseph Curwen, as he well knew it would be; and he would have given
much had the yard been less confusingly trampled. As it was, he dared
not seem too interested in full daylight. Dr. Bowen, to whom Weeden
went at once with his report, performed an autopsy on the strange
corpse, and discovered peculiarities which baffled him utterly. The
digestive tracts of the huge man seemed never to have been in use,
whilst the whole skin had a coarse, loosely-knit texture impossible to
account for. Impressed by what the old man whispered of this body's
likeness to the long-dead blacksmith Daniel Green, whose great-grandson
Aaron Hoppin was a supercargo in Curwen's employ, Weeden asked casual
questions till he found where Green was buried. That night a party of
ten visited the old North Burying Ground opposite Herrenden's Lane and
opened a grave. They found it vacant, precisely as they had expected.

[Illustration: "They found the grave vacant--precisely as they had
expected."]

       *       *       *       *       *

Meanwhile arrangements had been made with the post riders to intercept
Joseph Curwen's mail, and shortly before the incident of the naked body
there was found a letter from one Jedediah Orne of Salem which made the
coöperating citizens think deeply. Parts of it, copied and preserved in
the private archives of the Smith family where Charles Ward found it,
ran as follows:

    I delight that you continue in ye getting at Olde Matters in
    your Way, and doe not think better was done at Mr. Hutchinson's
    in Salem-Village. Certainly, there was Noth'g butt ye liveliest
    Awfulness in that which H. rais'd upp from what he cou'd gather
    onlie a part of. What you sente, did not Worke, whether because
    Any Thing miss'g, or because ye Wordes were not Righte from my
    Speak'g or yr copy'g. Alone am at a Loss. I have not ye Chymicall
    art to followe Borellus, and owne my Selfe confounded by ye VII.
    Booke of ye Necronomicon that you recommende. But I wou'd have you
    Observe what was tolde to us aboute tak'g Care whom to calle up,
    for you are Sensible what Mr. Mather writ in ye Magnalia of ----,
    and can judge how truely that Horrendous thing is reported. I say
    to you againe, doe not call upp Any that you can not put downe; by
    the Which I meane, Any that can in Turne call up somewhat against
    you, whereby your Powerfullest Devices may not be of use. Ask of
    the Lesser, lest the Greater shall not wish to Answer, and shall
    commande more than you. I was frighted when I read of your know'g
    what Ben Zariatnatmik hadde in his Ebony Boxe, for I was conscious
    who must have told you. And againe I ask that you shalle write me
    as Jedediah and not Simon. In this Community a Man may not live too
    long, and you knowe my Plan by which I came back as my Son. I am
    desirous you will Acquaint me with what ye Blacke Man learnt from
    Sylvanus Cocidius in ye Vault, under ye Roman wall, and will be
    oblig'd for ye Lend'g of ye MS. you speak of.

Another and unsigned letter from Philadelphia provoked equal thought,
especially for the following passage:

    I will observe what you say respecting the sending of Accounts only
    by yr Vessels, but can not always be certain when to expect them.
    In the Matter spoke of, I require only one more thing; but wish to
    be sure I apprehend you exactly. You inform me, that no Part must
    be missing if the finest Effects are to be had, but you can not but
    know how hard it is to be sure. It seems a great Hazard and Burthen
    to take away the whole Box, and in Town (i. e. St. Peter's, St.
    Paul's, St. Mary's, or Christ Church) it can scarce be done at all.
    But I know what Imperfections were in the one rais'd up October
    last, and how many live Specimens you were forced to imploy before
    you hit upon the right Mode in the year 1766; so will be guided by
    you in all Matters. I am impatient for yr Brig, and inquire daily
    at Mr. Biddle's Wharf.

A third suspicious letter was in an unknown tongue and even an
unknown alphabet. In the Smith diary found by Charles Ward a single
oft-repeated combination of characters is clumsily copied; and
authorities at Brown University have pronounced the alphabet Amharic
or Abyssinian, although they do not recognize the word. None of these
epistles was ever delivered to Curwen, though the disappearance of
Jedediah Orne from Salem as recorded shortly afterward showed that the
Providence men took certain quiet steps.

Curwen, despite all precautions, apparently felt that something was in
the wind; for he was now remarked to wear an unusually worried look.
His coach was seen at all hours in the town and on the Pawtuxet Road,
and he dropped little by little the air of forced geniality with which
he had latterly sought to combat the town's prejudice. The nearest
neighbors to his farm, the Fenners, one night remarked a great shaft
of light shooting into the sky from some aperture in the roof of that
cryptical stone building with the high excessively narrow windows; an
event which they quickly communicated to John Brown in Providence.

Mr. Brown had become the executive leader of the select group bent
on Curwen's extirpation, and had informed the Fenners that some
action was about to be taken. To them Mr. Brown had entrusted the duty
of watching the Curwen farmhouse, and of regularly reporting every
incident which took place there.

       *       *       *       *       *

The probability that Curwen was on guard and attempting unusual things,
as suggested by the odd shaft of light, precipitated at last the action
so carefully devised by the band of serious citizens. According to the
Smith diary a company of about one hundred men met at ten P.M.
on Friday, April twelfth, 1771, in the great room of Thurston's Tavern
at the Sign of the Golden Lion on Weybosset Point across the Bridge.
Of the guiding group of prominent men in addition to the leader,
John Brown, there were present Dr. Bowen, with his case of surgical
instruments, President Manning without the great periwig (the largest
in the Colonies) for which he was noted, Governor Hopkins, wrapped in
a dark cloak and accompanied by his seafaring brother Eseh whom he had
initiated at the last moment with the permission of the rest, John
Carter, Captain Mathewson, and Captain Whipple, who was to lead the
actual raiding party. These chiefs conferred apart in a rear chamber,
after which Captain Whipple emerged to the great room and gave the
gathered seamen their last oaths and instructions. Eleazar Smith was
with the leaders as they sat in the rear apartment awaiting the arrival
of Ezra Weeden, whose duty was to keep track of Curwen and report the
departure of his coach for the farm.

About ten-thirty a heavy rumble was heard on the Great Bridge, followed
by the sound of a coach in the street outside; and at that hour there
was no need of waiting for Weeden in order to know that the doomed
man had set out for his last night of unhallowed wizardry. A moment
later, as the receding coach clattered faintly over the Muddy Dock
Bridge, Weeden appeared; and the raiders fell silently into military
order in the street, shouldering the firelocks, fowling-pieces, or
whaling harpoons which they had with them. Weeden and Smith were with
the party, and of the deliberating citizens there were present for
active service Captain Whipple, the leader, Captain Eseh Hopkins, John
Carter, President Manning, Captain Mathewson, and Dr. Bowen; together
with Moses Brown, who had come up at the eleventh hour though absent
from the preliminary session in the tavern. All these freemen and their
hundred sailors began the long march without delay, grim and a trifle
apprehensive as they left the Muddy Dock behind and mounted the gentle
rise of Broad Street toward the Pawtuxet Road.

An hour and a quarter later the raiders arrived, as previously agreed,
at the Fenner farmhouse; where they heard a final report on their
intended victim. He had reached his farm more than half an hour before,
and the strange light had soon afterward shot once into the sky. There
were no lights in any visible windows, but this was always the case of
late. Even as this news was given another great glare arose toward the
south, and the party realized that they had indeed come close to the
scene of awesome and unnatural wonders. Captain Whipple now ordered his
force to separate into three divisions; one of twenty men under Eleazar
Smith to strike across to the shore and guard the landing-place against
possible reinforcements for Curwen until summoned by a messenger for
desperate service; a second of twenty men under Captain Eseh Hopkins to
steal down into the river valley behind the Curwen farm and demolish
with axes or gunpowder the oaken door in the high, steep bank; and
the third to close in on the house and adjacent buildings themselves.
Of this last division one third was to be led by Captain Mathewson to
the cryptical stone edifice with high narrow windows, another third to
follow Captain Whipple himself to the main farmhouse, and the remaining
third to preserve a circle around the whole group of buildings until
summoned by a final emergency signal.

The river party would break down the hillside door at the sound of a
single whistle-blast, waiting and capturing anything which might issue
from the regions within. At the sound of two whistle blasts it would
advance through the aperture to oppose the enemy or join the rest of
the raiding contingent. The party at the stone building would accept
these respective signals in an analogous manner; forcing an entrance
at the first, and at the second descending whatever passage into the
ground might be discovered, and joining the general or focal warfare
expected to take place within the caverns. A third or emergency signal
of three blasts would summon the immediate reserve from its general
guard duty; its twenty men dividing equally and entering the unknown
depths through both farmhouse and stone building. Captain Whipple's
belief in the existence of catacombs was absolute, and he took no
alternative into consideration when making his plans. He had with him
a whistle of great power and shrillness and did not fear any mistaking
or misunderstanding of signals. The final reserve at the landing, of
course, was nearly out of the whistle's range; hence, would require a
special messenger if needed for help. Moses Brown and John Carter went
with Captain Hopkins to the river-bank, while President Manning was
detailed with Captain Mathewson to the stone building. Dr. Bowen, with
Ezra Weeden, remained in Captain Whipple's party which was to storm the
farmhouse itself. The attack was to begin as soon as a messenger from
Captain Hopkins had joined Captain Whipple to notify him of the river
party's readiness. The leader would then deliver the loud single blast,
and the various advance parties would commence their simultaneous
attack on three points. Shortly before one A.M. the three
divisions left the Fenner farmhouse; one to guard the landing, another
to seek the river valley and the hillside door, and the third to
subdivide and attend to the actual buildings of the Curwen farm.

       *       *       *       *       *

Eleazar Smith, who accompanied the shore-guarding party, records in
his diary an uneventful march and a long wait on the bluff by the
bay; broken once by what seemed to be the distant sound of the signal
whistle and again by a peculiar muffled blend of roaring and crying
and a powder blast which seemed to come from the same direction. Later
on one man thought he caught some distant gunshots, and still later
Smith himself felt the throb of titanic thunderous words resounding
in upper air. It was just before dawn that a single haggard messenger
with wild eyes and a hideous unknown odor about his clothing appeared
and told the detachment to disperse quietly to their homes and never
again think or speak of the night's doings or of him who had been
Joseph Curwen. Something about the bearing of the messenger carried
a conviction which his mere words could never have conveyed; for
though he was a seaman well known to many of them, there was something
obscurely lost or gained in his soul which set him for evermore apart.
It was the same later on when they met other old companions who
had gone into that zone of horror. Most of them had lost or gained
something imponderable and indescribable. They had seen or heard or
felt something which was not for human creatures, and could not forget
it. From them there was never any gossip, for to even the commonest of
mortal instincts there are terrible boundaries. And from that single
messenger the party at the shore caught a nameless awe which almost
sealed their own lips. Very few are the rumors which ever came from any
of them, and Eleazar Smith's diary is the only written record which has
survived from that whole expedition which set forth from the Sign of
the Golden Lion under the Stars.

       *       *       *       *       *

Charles Ward, however, discovered another vague sidelight in some
Fenner correspondence which he found in New London, where he knew
another branch of the family had lived. It seems that the Fenners,
from whose house the doomed farm was distantly visible, had watched
the departing columns of raiders; and had heard very clearly the
angry barking of the Curwen dogs, followed by the first shrill blast
which precipitated the attack. This blast had been followed by a
repetition of the great shaft of light from the stone building, and in
another moment, after a quick sounding of the second signal ordering a
general invasion, there had come a subdued rattle of musketry followed
by a horrible roaring cry which the correspondent Luke Fenner had
represented in his epistle by the characters "Waaaahrrrrr--R'waaahrrr."
This cry, however, had possessed a quality which no mere writing
could convey, and the correspondent mentions that his mother fainted
completely at the sound. It was later repeated less loudly, and
further but more muffled evidences of gunfire ensued; together with
a loud explosion of powder from the direction of the river. About an
hour afterward all the dogs began to bay frightfully, and there were
vague ground rumblings so marked that the candlesticks tottered on the
mantelpiece. A strong smell of sulphur was noted; and Luke Fenner's
father declared that he heard the third or emergency whistle signal,
though the others failed to detect it. Muffled musketry sounded again,
followed by a deep scream less piercing but even more horrible than
those which had preceded it; a kind of throaty, nastily plastic cough
or gurgle whose quality as a scream must have come more from its
continuity and psychological import than from its actual acoustic value.

Then the flaming thing burst into sight at a point where the Curwen
farm ought to lie, and the human cries of desperate and frightened men
were heard. Muskets flashed and cracked, and the flaming thing fell
to the ground. A second flaming thing appeared, and a shriek of human
origin was plainly distinguished. Fenner wrote that he could even
gather a few words belched in frenzy: "Almighty, protect thy lamb!"
Then there were more shots, and the second flaming thing fell. After
that came silence for about three-quarters of an hour; at the end of
which time little Arthur Fenner, Luke's brother, exclaimed that he
saw "a red fog" going up to the stars from the accursed farm in the
distance. No one but the child can testify to this, but Luke admits
the significant coincidence implied by the panic of almost convulsive
fright which at the same moment arched the backs and stiffened the fur
of the three cats then within the room.

Five minutes later a chill wind blew up, and the air became suffused
with such an intolerable stench that only the strong freshness of the
sea could have prevented its being noticed by the shore party or by
any wakeful souls in Pawtuxet village. This stench was nothing which
any of the Fenners had ever encountered before, and produced a kind of
clutching, amorphous fear beyond that of the tomb or the charnel-house.
Close upon it came the awful voice which no hapless hearer will ever be
able to forget. It thundered out of the sky like a doom, and windows
rattled as its echoes died away. It was deep and musical; powerful as
a bass organ, but evil as the forbidden books of the Arabs. What it
said no man can tell, for it spoke in an unknown tongue, but this is
the writing Luke Fenner set down to portray the daemoniac intonations:
"DEESMEES--JESHET--BONEDOSEFEDUVEMA--ENITEMOSS." Not till the year 1919
did any soul link this crude transcript with anything else in mortal
knowledge, but Charles Ward paled as he recognized what Mirandola
had denounced in shudders as the ultimate horror among black magic's
incantations.

An unmistakably human shout or deep chorused scream seemed to answer
this malign wonder from the Curwen farm, after which the unknown
stench grew complex with an added odor equally intolerable. A wailing
distinctly different from the scream now burst out and was protracted
ululantly in rising and falling paroxysms. At times it became almost
articulate, though no auditor could trace any definite words; and
at one point it seemed to verge toward the confines of diabolic and
hysterical laughter. Then a yell of utter, ultimate fright and stark
madness wrenched from scores of human throats; a yell which came strong
and clear despite the depth from which it must have burst; after which
darkness and silence ruled all things. Spirals of acrid smoke ascended
to blot out the stars, though no flames appeared, and no buildings were
observed to be gone or injured on the following day.

Toward dawn two frightened messengers with monstrous and unplaceable
odor saturating their clothing knocked at the Fenner door and requested
a keg of rum for which they paid very well indeed. One of them told
the family that the affair of Joseph Curwen was over, and that the
events of the night were not to be mentioned again. Arrogant as the
order seemed, the aspect of him who gave it took away all resentment
and lent it a fearsome authority; so that only these furtive letters
of Luke Fenner, which he urged his Connecticut relative to destroy,
remain to tell what was seen and heard. The non-compliance of that
relative, whereby the letters were saved after all, has alone kept
the matter from a merciful oblivion. Charles Ward had one detail to
add as a result of a long canvass of Pawtuxet residents for ancestral
traditions. Old Charles Slocum of that village said that there was
known to his grandfather a queer rumor concerning a charred, distorted
body found in the fields a week after the death of Joseph Curwen was
announced. What kept the talk alive was the notion that this body, so
far as could be seen in its burnt and twisted condition, was neither
thoroughly human nor wholly allied to any animal which Pawtuxet folk
had ever seen or read about.

       *       *       *       *       *

Not one man who participated in that terrible raid could ever be
induced to say a word concerning it, and every fragment of the vague
data which survives comes from those outside the final fighting party.
There is something frightful in the care with which these actual
raiders destroyed each scrap which bore the least allusion to the
matter.

Eight sailors had been killed, but although their bodies were not
produced their families were satisfied with the statement that a clash
with customs officers had occurred. The same statement also covered
the numerous cases of wounds, all of which were extensively bandaged
and treated only by Dr. Jabez Bowen, who had accompanied the party.
Hardest to explain was the nameless odor clinging to all the raiders,
a thing which was discussed for weeks. Of the citizen leaders, Captain
Whipple and Moses Brown were most severely hurt, and letters of their
wives testify the bewilderment which their reticence and close guarding
of their bandages produced. Psychologically every participant was
aged, sobered, and shaken. It is fortunate that they were all strong
men of action and simple, orthodox religionists, for with more subtle
introspectiveness and mental complexity they would have fared ill
indeed. President Manning was the most disturbed; but even he outgrew
the darkest shadow, and smothered memories in prayers. Every man of
those leaders had a stirring part to play in later years, and it is
perhaps fortunate that this is so. Little more than a twelve-month
afterward Captain Whipple led the mob who burnt the revenue ship
_Gaspee_, and in this bold act we may trace one step in the blotting
out of unwholesome images.

There was delivered to the widow of Joseph Curwen a sealed leaden
coffin of curious design, obviously found ready on the spot when
needed, in which she was told her husband's body lay. He had, it was
explained, been killed in a customs battle about which it was not
politic to give details. More than this no tongue ever uttered of
Joseph Curwen's end, and Charles Ward had only a single hint wherewith
to construct a theory. This hint was the merest thread--a shaky
underscoring of a passage in Jedediah Orne's confiscated letter to
Curwen, partly copied in Ezra Weeden's handwriting. The copy was found
in the possession of Smith's descendants; and we are left to decide
whether Weeden gave it to his companion after the end, as a mute clue
to the abnormality which had occurred, or whether, as is more probable,
Smith had it before, and added the underscoring himself from what he
had managed to extract from his friend by shrewd guessing and adroit
cross-questioning. The underlined passage is merely this:

    I say to you againe, doe not call up Any that you cannot put downe;
    by the which I meane, Any that can in turn calle up somewhat
    against you, whereby your powerfullest Devices may not be of use.
    Ask of the Lesser, lest the Greater shall not wish to Answer, and
    shall commande more than you.

In the light of this passage, and reflecting on what last unmentionable
allies a beaten man might try to summon in his direst extremity,
Charles Ward may well have wondered whether any citizen of Providence
killed Joseph Curwen.

The deliberate effacement of every memory of the dead man from
Providence life and annals was vastly aided by the influence of the
raiding leaders. They had not at first meant to be so thorough, and
had allowed the widow and her father and child to remain in ignorance
of the true conditions; but Captain Tillinghast was an astute man,
and soon uncovered enough rumors to whet his horror and cause him to
demand that his daughter and grand-daughter change their name, burn the
library and all remaining papers, and chisel the inscription from the
slate slab above Joseph Curwen's grave. He knew Captain Whipple well,
and probably extracted more hints from that bluff mariner than anyone
else ever gained respecting the end of the accursed sorcerer.

From that time on the obliteration of Curwen's memory became
increasingly rigid, extending at last by common consent even to the
town records and files of the _Gazette_. It can be compared in spirit
only to the hush that lay on Oscar Wilde's name for a decade after his
disgrace, and in extent only to the fate of that sinful King of Runagur
in Lord Dunsany's tale, whom the gods decided must not only cease to
be, but must cease ever to have been.

Mrs. Tillinghast, as the widow became known after 1772, sold the
house in Olney Court and resided with her father in Power's Lane till
her death in 1817. The farm at Pawtuxet, shunned by every living
soul, remained to molder through the years; and seemed to decay with
unaccountable rapidity. By 1780 only the stone and brickwork were
standing, and by 1800 even these had fallen to shapeless heaps. None
ventured to pierce the tangled shrubbery on the river-bank behind which
the hillside door may have lain, nor did any try to frame a definite
image of the scenes amidst which Joseph Curwen departed from the
horrors he had wrought.

Only robust old Captain Whipple was heard by alert listeners to mutter
once in awhile to himself, "Pox on that ----, but he had no business to
laugh while he screamed. 'Twas as though the damn'd ---- had some 'at
up his sleeve. For half a crown I'd burn his ---- house."




                    _3. A Search and an Evocation_


Charles Ward, as we have seen, first learned in 1918 of his descent
from Joseph Curwen. That he at once took an intense interest in
everything pertaining to the bygone mystery is not to be wondered at;
for every vague rumor that he had heard of Curwen now became something
vital to himself, in whom flowed Curwen's blood.

In his first delvings there was not the slightest attempt at
secrecy; he talked freely with his family--though his mother was not
particularly pleased to own an ancestor like Curwen--and with the
officials of the various museums and libraries he visited. In applying
to private families for records thought to be in their possession
he made no concealment of his object, and shared the somewhat
amused skepticism with which the accounts of the old diarists and
letter-writers were regarded.

When he came across the Smith diary and archives and encountered
the letter from Jedediah Orne he decided to visit Salem and look
up Curwen's early activities and connections there, which he did
during the Easter vacation of 1919. At the Essex Institute, which
was well known to him from former sojourns in the glamorous old town
of crumbling Puritan gables and clustered gambrel roofs, he was very
kindly received, and unearthed there a considerable amount of Curwen
data. He found that his ancestor was born in Salem-Village, now
Danvers, seven miles from town, on the eighteenth of February (O. S.)
1662-3; and that he had run away to sea at the age of fifteen, not
appearing again for nine years, when he returned with the speech,
dress, and manners of a native Englishman and settled in Salem proper.
At that time he had little to do with his family, but spent most of
his hours with the curious books he had brought from Europe, and the
strange chemicals which came for him on ships from England, France,
and Holland. Certain trips of his into the country were the objects of
much local inquisitiveness, and were whisperingly associated with vague
rumors of fires on the hills at night.

Curwen's only close friends had been one Edward Hutchinson of
Salem-Village and one Simon Orne of Salem. Hutchinson had a house well
out toward the woods, and it was not altogether liked by sensitive
people because of the sounds heard there at night. He was said to
entertain strange visitors, and the lights seen from his windows were
not always of the same color. The knowledge he displayed concerning
long-dead persons and long-forgotten events was considered distinctly
unwholesome, and he disappeared about the time the witchcraft panic
began, never to be heard from again. At that time Joseph Curwen also
departed, but his settlement in Providence was soon learned of. Simon
Orne lived in Salem until 1720, when his failure to grow visibly old
began to excite attention. He thereafter disappeared, though thirty
years later his precise counterpart and self-styled son turned up to
claim his property. The claim was allowed on the strength of documents
in Simon Orne's known hand, and Jedediah Orne continued to dwell in
Salem till 1771, when certain letters from Providence citizens to the
Reverend Thomas Barnard and others brought about his quiet removal to
parts unknown.

       *       *       *       *       *

Certain documents by and about all of these strange matters were
available at the Essex Institute, the Court House, and the Registry
of Deeds, and included both harmless commonplaces such as land titles
and bills of sale, and furtive fragments of a more provocative
nature. There were four or five unmistakable allusions to them on
the witchcraft trial records; as when one Hepzibah Lawson swore on
July sixteenth, 1692, at the Court of Oyer and Terminen under Judge
Hathorne, that "fortie Witches and the Blacke Man were wont to meete
in the Woodes behind Mr. Hutchinson's house," and one Amity How
declared at a session of August eighth before Judge Gedney that "Mr.
G. B. (George Burroughs) on that Nighte put the Divell his Marke upon
Bridget S., Jonathan A., _Simon O._, Deliverance W., _Joseph C._,
Susan P., Mehitable C., and Deborah B." Then there was a catalogue of
Hutchinson's uncanny library as found after his disappearance, and an
unfinished manuscript in his handwriting, couched in a cipher none
could read. Ward had a photostatic copy of this manuscript made, and
began to work casually on the cipher as soon as it was delivered to
him. After the following August his labors on the cipher became intense
and feverish, and there is reason to believe from his speech and
conduct that he hit upon the key before October or November. He never
stated, though, whether or not he had succeeded.

But of greatest immediate interest was the Orne material. It took
Ward only a short time to prove from identity of penmanship a thing
he had already considered established from the text of the letter to
Curwen; namely, that Simon Orne and his supposed son were one and the
same person. As Orne had said to his correspondent, it was hardly
safe to live too long in Salem, hence he resorted to a thirty-year
sojourn abroad, and did not return to claim his lands except as a
representative of a new generation. Orne had apparently been careful to
destroy most of his correspondence, but the citizens who took action
in 1771 found and preserved a few letters and papers which excited
their wonder. There were cryptic formulae and diagrams in his and other
hands which Ward now either copied with care or had photographed, and
one extremely mysterious letter in a chirography that the searcher
recognized from items in the Registry of Deeds as positively Joseph
Curwen's.

                                                      Providence, 1 May

    Brother:

    My honour'd Antient friend, due Respects and earnest Wishes to
    Him whom we serve for yr Eternall Power. I am just come upon That
    Which you ought to knowe, concern'g the Matter of the Laste
    Extremite and What to doe regard' yt. I am not dispos'd to followe
    you in go'g Away on acct. of my yeares, for Providence hath not ye
    Sharpeness of ye Bay in hunt'g oute uncommon Things and bringinge
    to Tryall. I am ty'd up in Shippes and Goodes, and cou'd not doe as
    you did, besides the Whiche my Farme, at Pawtuxet hatht under it
    What you Knowe, that Wou'd not Waite for my com'g Backe as an Other.

    But I am not unreadie for harde fortunes, as I have tolde you,
    and have longe Work'd upon ye Way of get'g Backe after ye Laste.
    I laste Night strucke on ye Wordes that bringe up YOGGE-SOTHOTHE,
    and sawe for ye Firste Time that face spoke of by Ibn Schacabac
    in ye ----. And IT said, that ye III Psalme in ye Liber-Damnatus
    holdes ye Clavicle. With Sunne in V House, Saturne in Trine, drawe
    ye Pentagram of Fire, and saye ye ninth Verse thrice. This Verse
    repeate eache Roodemas and Hallow's Eve, and ye thing will brede in
    ye Outside Spheres.

    _And of ye Sede of Olde shal One be borne who shal looke Backe,
    tho' know'g not what he seekes._

    Yett will this availe Nothing if there be no Heir, and if the
    Saltes, or the Way to make the Saltes, bee not Readie for his
    Hande; and here I will owne, I have not taken needed Stepps nor
    founde Much. Ye Process is plaguy harde to come neare, and it
    uses up such a Store of Specimens, I am harde putte to it to get
    Enough, notwithstand'g the Sailors I have from ye Indies. Ye People
    aboute are become Curious, but I can stande them off. Ye gentry
    are worse than ye Populace, be'g more Circumstantiall in their
    Accts. and more believ'd in what they tell. That Parson and Mr.
    Merritt have talk'd some, I am fearfull, but no Thing soe far is
    Dangerous. Ye Chymical substances are easie of get'g, there be'g
    II. goode Chymists in Towne, Dr. Bowen and Sam. Carew. I am foll'g
    oute what Borellus saith, and have Helpe in Abdool Al-Hazred his
    VII. Booke. Whatever I gette, you shal have. And in ye meane While,
    do not neglect to make use of ye Wordes I have here given. I have
    them Righte, but if you Desire to see HIM, imploy the Writinge on
    ye Piece of ----, that I am putt'g in this Packet. Saye ye Verses
    every Roodmas and Hallow's Eve; and if yr Line runn not out, _one
    shal bee in yeares to come that shal looke backe and use what
    Saltes or stuff for Salte you shal leave him_. Job XIV. XIV.

    I rejoice you are again at Salem, and hope I may see you not longe
    hence. I have a goode Stallion, and am think'g of get'g a Coach,
    there be'g one (Mr. Merritt's) in Providence already, tho' ye
    Roades are bad. If you are disposed to travel, doe not pass me
    bye. From Boston take ye Post Road, thro' Dedham, Wrentham, and
    Attleborough, goode Taverns be'g at all these Townes. Stop at Mr.
    Bolcom's in Wrentham, where ye Beddes are finer than Mr. Hatch's,
    but eate at ye other House for their cooke is better. Turne into
    Prov. by Patucket falls, and ye Rd. past Mr. Sayles's Tavern. My
    House opp. Mr. Epenetus Olney's Tavern off ye Towne Street, 1st on
    ye N. side of Olney's Court. Distance from Boston Stone abt. XLIV
    miles.

    Sir, I am yr olde and true friend and Servt. in Almonsin-Metraton.

                                                            Josephus C.

    To Mr. Simon Orne,
    William's-Lane, in Salem.

This letter, oddly enough, was what first gave Ward the exact location
of Curwen's Providence home; for none of the records encountered up to
that time had been at all specific. The place was indeed only a few
squares from his own home on the great hill's higher ground, and was
now the abode of a Negro family much esteemed for occasional washing,
housecleaning, and furnace-tending services. To find, in distant Salem,
such sudden proof of the significance of this familiar rookery in his
own family history, was a highly impressive thing to Ward; and he
resolved to explore the place immediately upon his return.

The more mystical phases of the letter, which he took to be some
extravagant kind of symbolism, frankly baffled him; though he noted
with a thrill of curiosity that the Biblical passage referred to--Job
14, 14--was the familiar verse, "If a man die, shall he live again? All
the days of my appointed time will I wait, till my change come."

        *       *       *       *       *

Young Ward came home in a state of pleasant excitement, and spent
the following Saturday in a long and exhaustive study of the house
in Olney Court. The place, now crumbling with age, had never been a
mansion; but was a modest two-and-a-half story wooden town house of
the familiar Providence Colonial type, with plain peaked roof, large
central chimney, and artistically carved doorway with rayed fan-light,
triangular pediment, and trim Doric pilasters. It had suffered but
little alteration externally, and Ward felt he was gazing on something
very close to the sinister matters of his quest.

The present Negro inhabitants were known to him, and he was very
courteously shown about the interior by old Asa and his stout wife
Hannah. Here there was more change than the outside indicated, and Ward
saw with regret that fully half of the fine scroll-and-urn overmantels
and shell-carved cupboard linings were gone, whilst much of the fine
wainscotting and bolection moulding was marked, hacked, and gouged,
or covered up altogether with cheap wall-paper. It was exciting to
stand within the ancestral walls which had housed such a man of horror
as Joseph Curwen; he saw with a thrill that a monogram had been very
carefully effaced from the ancient brass knocker.

From then until after the close of school Ward spent his time on the
photostatic copy of the Hutchinson cipher and the accumulation of local
Curwen data. The former still proved unyielding; but of the latter
he obtained so much, and so many clues to similar data elsewhere,
that he was ready by July to make a trip to New London and New York
to consult old letters whose presence in those places was indicated.
This trip was very fruitful, for it brought him the Fenner letters
with their terrible description of the Pawtuxet farmhouse raid, and
the Nightingale-Talbot letters in which he learned of the portrait
painted on a panel of the Curwen library. This matter of the portrait
interested him particularly, since he would have given much to know
just what Joseph Curwen looked like; and he decided to make a second
search of the house in Olney Court to see if there might not be some
trace of the ancient features beneath peeling coats of later paint or
layers of mouldy wall-paper.

Early in August that search took place, and Ward went carefully
over the walls of every room sizeable enough to have been by any
possibility the library of the evil builder. He paid especial attention
to the large panels of such overmantels as still remained; and was
keenly excited after about an hour, when on a broad area above the
fireplace in a spacious ground-floor room he became certain that the
surface brought out by the peeling of several coats of paint was
sensibly darker than any ordinary interior paint or the wood beneath it
was likely to have been. A few more careful tests with a thin knife,
and he knew that he had come upon an oil portrait of great extent.
With truly scholarly restraint the youth did not risk the damage which
an immediate attempt to uncover the hidden picture with the knife
might have done, but just retired from the scene of his discovery to
enlist expert help. In three days he returned with an artist of long
experience, Mr. Walter C. Dwight, whose studio is near the foot of
College Hill; and that accomplished restorer of paintings set to work
at once with proper methods and chemical substances. Old Asa and his
wife were duly excited over their strange visitors, and were properly
reimbursed for this invasion of their domestic hearth.

As day by day the work of restoration progressed, Charles Ward looked
on with growing interest at the lines and shades gradually unveiled
after their long oblivion. Dwight had begun at the bottom; hence since
the picture was a three-quarter-length one, the face did not come out
for some time. It was meanwhile seen that the subject was a spare,
well-shaped man with dark-blue coat, embroidered waistcoat, black satin
small-clothes, and white silk stockings, seated in a carved chair
against the background of a window with wharves and ships beyond. When
the head came out it was observed to bear a neat Albemarle wig, and
to possess a thin, calm, undistinguished face which seemed somehow
familiar to both Ward and the artist. Only at the very last, though,
did the restorer and his client begin to gasp with astonishment
at the details of that lean, pallid visage, and to recognize with
a touch of awe the dramatic trick which heredity had played. For
it took the final bath of oil and the final stroke of the delicate
scraper to bring out fully the expression which centuries had hidden;
and to confront the bewildered Charles Dexter Ward, dweller in the
past, with his own living features in the countenance of his horrible
great-great-great-grandfather.

        *       *       *       *       *

Ward brought his parents to see the marvel he had uncovered, and
his father at once determined to purchase the picture despite its
execution on stationary panelling. The resemblance to the boy, despite
an appearance of rather greater age, was marvelous; and it could
be seen that through some trick of atavism the physical contours
of Joseph Curwen had found precise duplication after a century and
a half. Mrs. Ward's resemblance to her ancestor was not at all
marked, though she could recall relatives who had some of the facial
characteristics shared by her son and by the bygone Curwen. She did
not relish the discovery, and told her husband that he had better
burn the picture instead of bringing it home. There was, she averred,
something unwholesome about it; not only intrinsically, but in its very
resemblance to Charles. Mr. Ward, however, was a practical man of power
and affairs--a cotton manufacturer with extensive mills at Riverpoint
in the Pawtuxet Valley--and not one to listen to feminine scruples.
The picture impressed him mightily with its likeness to his son, and
he believed the boy deserved it as a present. In this opinion, it is
needless to say, Charles most heartily concurred; and a few days later
Mr. Ward located the owner of the house--a small rodent-featured person
with a guttural accent--and obtained the whole mantel and overmantel
bearing the picture at a curtly fixed price which cut short the
impending torrent of unctuous haggling.

It now remained to take off the panelling and remove it to the Ward
home, where provisions were made for its thorough restoration and
installation with an electric mock-fireplace in Charles' third-floor
study or library. To Charles was left the task of superintending
this removal, and on the twenty-eighth of August he accompanied two
expert workmen from the Crooker decorating firm to the house in Olney
Court, where the mantel and portrait-bearing overmantel were detached
with great care and precision for transportation in the company's
motor truck. There was left a space of exposed brickwork marking the
chimney's course, and in this young Ward observed a cubical recess
about a foot square, which must have lain directly behind the head
of the portrait. He found, beneath the deep coatings of dust and
soot some loose yellowed papers, a crude, thick copy-book, and a few
moldering textile shreds which may have formed the ribbon binding the
rest together. Blowing away the bulk of the dirt and cinders, he took
up the book and looked at the bold inscription on its cover. It was
in a hand which he had learned to recognize at the Essex Institute,
and proclaimed the volume as the "_Journall and Notes of Jos. Curwen,
Gent., of Providence-Plantations, Late of Salem._"

Excited beyond measure by his discovery, Ward showed the book to the
two curious workmen beside him. Their testimony is absolute as to
the nature and genuineness of the finding, and Dr. Willett relies on
them to help establish his theory that the youth was not mad when he
began his major eccentricities. All the other papers were likewise in
Curwen's handwriting, and one of them seemed especially portentous
because of its inscription: "_To Him Who Shal Come After, How He May
Gett Beyonde Time and Ye Spheres._" Another was in a cipher; the same,
Ward hoped, as the Hutchinson cipher which had hitherto baffled him.
A third, and here the searcher rejoiced, seemed to be a key to the
cipher; whilst the fourth and fifth were addressed respectively to
"Edw. Hutchinson, Armiger" and "Jedediah Orne, Esq.", "or Their Heir or
Heirs, or Those Represent'g Them." The sixth and last was inscribed:
"_Joseph Curwen his Life and Travells Bet'n ye yeares 1678 and 1687: of
Whither He Voyag'd, Where He Stay'd, Whom He Sawe, and What He learnt._"

        *       *       *       *       *

We have now reached the point from which the more academic school of
alienists date Charles Ward's madness. Upon his discovery the youth
had looked immediately at a few of the inner pages of the book and
manuscripts, and had evidently seen something which impressed him
tremendously. Upon returning home he broke the news with an almost
embarrassed air, as if he wished to convey an idea of its supreme
importance without having to exhibit the evidence itself. He did not
even show the titles to his parents, but simply told them that he
had found some documents in Joseph Curwen's handwriting, "mostly in
cipher," which would have to be studied very carefully before yielding
up their true meaning. It is unlikely that he would have shown what he
did to the workmen, had it not been for their unconcealed curiosity. As
it was he doubtless wished to avoid any display of peculiar reticence
which would increase their discussion of the matter.

That night Charles Ward sat up in his room reading the new-found book
and papers, and when day came he did not desist. His meals, on his
urgent request when his mother called to see what was amiss, were
sent up to him; and in the afternoon he appeared only briefly when
the men came to install the Curwen picture and mantelpiece in his
study. The next night he slept in snatches in his clothes, meanwhile
wrestling feverishly with the unraveling of the cipher manuscript. In
the morning his mother saw that he was at work on the photostatic copy
of the Hutchinson cipher, which he had frequently showed her before;
but in response to her query he said that the Curwen key could not be
applied to it. That afternoon he abandoned his work and watched the
men fascinatedly as they finished their installation of the picture
with its woodwork above a cleverly realistic electric log, setting the
mock-fireplace and overmantel a little out from the north wall as if a
chimney existed, and boxing in its sides with panelling to match the
room's. After the workmen went he moved his work into the study and
sat down before it with his eyes half on the cipher and half on the
portrait which stared back at him like a year-adding century-recalling
mirror. His parents subsequently recalling his conduct at this period,
give interesting details anent the policy of concealment which he
practiced. Before servants he seldom hid any paper which he might be
studying, since he rightly assumed that Curwen's intricate and archaic
chirography would be too much for them. With his parents, however,
he was more circumspect; and unless the manuscript in question were
a cipher, or a mere mass of cryptic symbols and unknown ideographs
(as that entitled "_To Him Who Shal Come After_ etc." seemed to be)
he would cover it with some convenient paper until his caller had
departed. At night he kept the papers under lock and key in an antique
cabinet of his, where he also placed them whenever he left the room.
He soon resumed fairly regular hours and habits, except that his long
walks and other outside interests seemed to cease. The opening of
school, where he now began his senior year, seemed a great bore to
him; and he frequently asserted his determination never to bother with
college. He had, he said, important special investigations to make,
which would provide him with more avenues toward knowledge and the
humanities than any university which the world could boast.

During October Ward began visiting the libraries again, but no longer
for the antiquarian matter of his former days. Witchcraft and magic,
occultism and daemonology, were what he sought now; and when Providence
sources proved unfruitful he would take the train for Boston and tap
the wealth of the great library in Copley Square, the Widener Library
at Harvard, or the Zion Research Library in Brookline, where certain
rare works on Biblical subjects are available. He bought extensively,
and fitted up a whole additional set of shelves in his study for newly
acquired works on uncanny subjects; while during the Christmas holidays
he made a round of out-of-town trips including one to Salem to consult
certain records at the Essex Institute.

        *       *       *       *       *

About the middle of January, 1920, there entered Ward's bearing an
element of triumph which he did not explain, and he was no more found
at work upon the Hutchinson cipher. Instead, he inaugurated a dual
policy of chemical research and record-scanning; fitting up for the
one a laboratory in the unused attic of the house, and for the latter
haunting all the sources of vital statistics in Providence. Local
dealers in drugs and scientific supplies, later questioned, gave
astonishingly queer and meaningless catalogues of the substances and
instruments he purchased; but clerks at the State House, the City Hall,
and the various libraries agree as to the definite object of his second
interest. He was searching intensely and feverishly for the grave of
Joseph Curwen, from whose slate slab an older generation had so wisely
blotted the name.

Little by little there grew upon the Ward family the conviction that
something was wrong. His school work was the merest pretence; he had
other concernments now; and when not in his new laboratory with a score
of obsolete alchemical books, could be found either poring over old
burial records downtown or glued to his volumes of occult lore in his
study, where the startlingly--one almost fancied increasingly--similar
features of Joseph Curwen stared blandly at him from the great
overmantel on the north wall.

Late in March Ward added to his archive-searching a ghoulish series of
rambles about the various ancient cemeteries of the city. His quest
had suddenly shifted from the grave of Joseph Curwen to that of one
Naphthali Field; and this shift was explained when, upon going over
the files that he had been over, the investigators actually found a
fragmentary record of Curwen's burial which had escaped the general
obliteration, and which stated that the curious leaden coffin had been
interred "10 ft. S. and 5 ft. W. of Naphthali Field's grave in ye----."
Hence the rambles--from which St. John's (the former King's) churchyard
and the ancient Congregational burying ground in the midst of Swan
Point Cemetery were excluded, since other statistics had shewn that the
only Naphthali Field (obit. 1729) whose grave could have been meant had
been a Baptist.

        *       *       *       *       *

It was toward May when Dr. Willett, at the request of the senior Ward,
and fortified with all the Curwen data which the family had gleaned
from Charles in his non-secretive days, talked with the young man. The
interview was of little value or conclusiveness, for Willett felt at
every moment that Charles was thoroughly master of himself and in touch
with matters of real importance; but it at least forced the secretive
youth to offer some rational explanation of his recent demeanor. Of a
pallid, impassive type not easily showing embarrassment, Ward seemed
quite ready to discuss his pursuits, though not to reveal their object.
He stated that the papers of his ancestor had contained some remarkable
secrets of early scientific knowledge. To take their vivid place in the
history of human thought they must first be correlated by one familiar
with the background out of which they evolved, and to this task of
correlation Ward was now devoting himself. He was seeking to acquire as
fast as possible those neglected arts of old which a true interpreter
of the Curwen data must possess, and hoped in time to make a full
announcement and presentation of the utmost interest to mankind and to
the world of thought.

As to his graveyard search, whose object he freely admitted, but the
details of whose progress he did not relate, he said he had reason to
think that Joseph Curwen's mutilated headstone bore certain mystic
symbols--carved from directions in his will and ignorantly spared by
those who had effaced the name--which were absolutely essential to the
final solution of his cryptic system. Curwen, he believed, had wished
to guard his secret with care; and had consequently distributed the
data in an exceedingly curious fashion. When Dr. Willett asked to see
the mystic documents, Ward displayed much reluctance and tried to put
him off with such things as the photostatic copies of the Hutchinson
cipher and Orne formulae and diagrams; but finally showed him the
exteriors of some of the real Curwen finds--the "_Journal and Notes_,"
the cipher (title in cipher also) and the formula-filled message "_To
Him Who Shal Come After_"--and let him glance inside such as were in
obscure characters.

He also opened the diary at a page carefully selected for its
innocuousness and gave Willett a glimpse of Curwen's connected
handwriting in English. The doctor noted very closely the crabbed and
complicated letters, and the general aura of the seventeenth century
which clung round both penmanship and style despite the writer's
survival into the eighteenth century, and became quickly certain that
the document was genuine. The text itself was relatively trivial, and
Willett recalled only a fragment. But when Dr. Willett turned the leaf,
he was quickly checked by Ward, who almost snatched the book from his
grasp. All that the doctor had a chance to see on the newly opened page
was a brief pair of sentences; but these, strangely enough, lingered
tenaciously in his memory.

They ran: "Ye Verse from Liber-Damnatus be'g spoke V Roodmasses and IV
Hallows-Eves, I am Hopeful ye Thing is breed'g Outside ye Spheres. It
will drawe One who is to Come if I can make sure he shal bee, and he
shall think on Past thinges and looke back thro' all ye yeares, against
ye which I must have ready ye Saltes or That to make 'em with."

Willett saw no more, but somehow this small glimpse gave a new and
vague terror to the painted features of Joseph Curwen which stared
blandly down from the overmantel. Ever after that he entertained the
odd fancy--which his medical skill of course assured him was only a
fancy--that the eyes of the portrait had a sort of tendency to follow
young Charles Ward as he moved about the room. He stopped before
leaving to study the picture closely, marveling at its resemblance to
Charles and memorizing every minute detail of the cryptical, colorless
face, even down to a slight scar or pit in the smooth brow above the
right eye.

Assured by the doctor that Charles' mental health was in no danger,
but that on the other hand he was engaged in researches which might
prove of real importance, the Wards were more lenient than they might
otherwise have been when during the following June the youth made
positive his refusal to attend college. He had, he declared, studies
of much more vital importance to pursue; and intimated a wish to go
abroad the following year in order to avail himself of certain sources
of data not existing in America. The senior Ward, while denying this
latter wish as absurd for a boy of only eighteen, acquiesced regarding
the university; so that after a none too brilliant graduation from the
Moses Brown School there ensued for Charles a three year period of
intensive occult study and graveyard searching.

        *       *       *       *       *

Coming of age in April, 1923, and having previously inherited a small
competence from his maternal grandfather, Ward determined at last to
take the European trip hitherto denied him. Of his proposed itinerary
he would say nothing save that the needs of his studies would carry
him to many places, but he promised to write his parents fully and
faithfully. When they saw he could not be dissuaded, they ceased all
opposition and helped as best they could; so that in June the young
man sailed for Liverpool with the farewell blessings of his father
and mother, who accompanied him to Boston and waved him out of sight
from the White Star pier in Charlestown. Letters soon told of his safe
arrival, and of his securing good quarters in Great Russell Street,
London; where he proposed to stay, shunning all family friends, till
he had exhausted the resources of the British Museum in a certain
direction. Of his daily life he wrote but little, for there was little
to write. Study and experiment consumed all his time, and he mentioned
a laboratory which he had established in one of his rooms. That he
said nothing of antiquarian rambles in the glamorous old city with its
luring skyline of ancient domes and steeples and its tangles of roads
and alleys whose mystic convolutions and sudden vistas alternately
beckon and surprise, was taken by his parents as a good index of the
degree to which his new interests had engrossed his mind.

In June, 1924, a brief note told of his departure for Paris, to
which he had before made one or two flying trips for material in the
Bibliotheque Nationale. For three months thereafter he sent only postal
cards, giving an address in the Rue St. Jacques and referring to a
special search among rare manuscripts in the library of an unnamed
private collector. He avoided acquaintances, and no tourists brought
back reports of having seen him. Then came a silence, and in October
the Wards received a picture card from Prague, Czecho-Slovakia, stating
that Charles was in that ancient town for the purpose of conferring
with a certain very aged man supposed to be the last living possessor
of some very curious mediaeval information. He gave an address in
the Newstadt, and announced no move till the following January; when
he dropped several cards from Vienna telling of his passage through
that city on the way toward a more easterly region whither one of his
correspondents and fellow-delvers into the occult had invited him.

The next card was from Klausenburg in Transylvania, and told of
Ward's progress toward his destination. He was going to visit a Baron
Ferenczy, whose estate lay in the mountains east of Rakus; and was to
be addressed at Rakus in the care of that nobleman. Another card from
Rakus a week later, saying that his host's carriage had met him and
that he was leaving the village for the mountains, was his last message
for a considerable time; indeed, he did not reply to his parents'
frequent letters until May, when he wrote to discourage the plan of his
mother for a meeting in London, Paris, or Rome during the summer, when
the elder Wards were planning to travel in Europe. His researches, he
said, were such that he could not leave his present quarters; while
the situation of Baron Ferenczy's castle did not favor visits. It was
on a crag in the dark wooded mountains, and the region was so shunned
by the country folk that normal people could not help feeling ill at
ease. Moreover, the Baron was not a person likely to appeal to correct
and conservative New England gentlefolk. His aspect and manners had
idiosyncrasies, and his age was so great as to be disquieting. It would
be better, Charles said, if his parents would wait for his return to
Providence; which could scarcely be far distant.

That return did not, however, take place until May, 1925, when after a
few heralding cards the young wanderer quietly slipped into New York on
the _Homeric_ and traversed the long miles to Providence by motor coach
eagerly drinking in the green rolling hills, the fragrant, blossoming
orchards, and the white steepled towns of Connecticut in spring; his
first taste of ancient New England in nearly four years.

Old Providence! It was this place and the mysterious forces of its
long, continuous history which had brought him into being, and which
had drawn him back toward marvels and secrets whose boundaries no
prophet might fix. Here lay the arcana, wondrous or dreadful as the
case might be, for which all his years of travel and application
had been preparing him. A taxicab whirled him through Post Office
Square with its glimpse of the river, and up the steep curved slope
of Waterman Street to Prospect. Then eight squares past the fine old
estates his childish eyes had known, and the quaint brick sidewalks
so often trodden by his youthful feet. And at last the little white
overtaken farmhouse on the right, and on the left the classic Adam
porch and stately bayed façade of the great brick house where he was
born. It was twilight, and Charles Dexter Ward had come home.

Ward was now visibly aged and hardened, but was still normal in his
general reactions; and in several talks with Willett displayed
a balance which no madman--even an incipient one--could feign
continuously for long. What elicited the notion of insanity at
this period were the _sounds_ heard at all hours from Ward's attic
laboratory, in which he kept himself most of the time. There were
chantings and repetitions, and thunderous declamations in uncanny
rhythms; and although these sounds were always in Ward's own voice,
there was something in the quality of that voice and in the accents
of the formulae it pronounced, which could not but chill the blood of
every hearer. It was noticed that Nig, the venerable and beloved black
cat of the household, bristled and arched his back perceptibly when
certain of the tones were heard.

The odors occasionally wafted from the laboratory were likewise
exceedingly strange. Sometimes they were very noxious, but more often
they were aromatic, with a haunting, elusive quality which seemed to
have the power of inducing fantastic images. People who smelled them
had a tendency to glimpse momentary mirages of enormous vistas, with
strange hills or endless avenues of sphinxes and hippogriffs stretching
off into infinite distance. His older aspect increased to a startling
degree his resemblance to the Curwen portrait in his library; and Dr.
Willett would often pause by the latter after a call, marvelling at
the virtual identity, and reflecting that only the small pit above the
picture's right eye now remained to differentiate the long-dead wizard
from the living youth. Frequently he noted peculiar things about;
little wax images of grotesque design on the shelves or tables, and the
half-erased remnants of circles, triangles, and pentagrams in chalk or
charcoal on the cleared central space of the large room. And always
in the night those rhythms and incantations thundered, till it became
very difficult to keep servants or suppress furtive talk of Charles'
madness.

In January, 1927, a peculiar incident occurred. One night about
midnight, as Charles was chanting a ritual whose weird cadence echoed
unpleasantly through the house below, there came a sudden gust of chill
wind from the bay, and a faint, obscure trembling of the earth which
everyone in the neighborhood noted. At the same time the cat exhibited
phenomenal traces of fright, while dogs bayed for as much as a mile
around. This was the prelude to a sharp thunderstorm, anomalous for
the season, which brought with it such a crash that Mr. and Mrs. Ward
believed the house had been struck. They rushed upstairs to see what
damage had been done, but Charles met them at the door to the attic;
pale, resolute, and portentous, with an almost fearsome combination of
triumph and seriousness on his face. He assured them that the house
had not really been struck, and that the storm would soon be over.
The thunder sank to a sort of dull mumbling chuckle and finally died
away. Stars came out, and the stamp of triumph on Charles Ward's face
crystallized into a very singular expression.

        *       *       *       *       *

For two months or more after this incident Ward was less confined
than usual to his laboratory. He exhibited a curious interest in the
weather, and made odd inquiries about the date of the spring thawing of
the ground. One night late in March he left the house after midnight,
and did not return till almost morning; when his mother, being wakeful,
heard a rumbling motor draw up the carriage entrance. Muffled oaths
could be distinguished, and Mrs. Ward, rising and going to the window,
saw four dark figures removing a long, heavy box from a truck at
Charles' direction and carrying it within by the side door. She heard
labored breathing and ponderous footfalls on the stairs, and finally a
dull thumping in the attic; after which the footfalls descended again,
and the four men reappeared outside and drove off in their truck.

The next day Charles resumed his strict attic seclusion, drawing
down the dark shades of his laboratory windows and appearing to be
working on some metal substance. He would open the door to no one,
and steadfastly refused all proffered food. About noon a wrenching
sound followed by a terrible cry and a fall were heard, but when Mrs.
Ward rapped at the door her son at length answered faintly, and told
her that nothing had gone amiss. The hideous and indescribable stench
now welling out was absolutely harmless and unfortunately necessary.
Solitude was the one prime essential, and he would appear later for
dinner. That afternoon, after the conclusion of some odd hissing sounds
which came from behind the locked portal, he did finally appear;
wearing an extremely haggard aspect and forbidding anyone to enter
the laboratory upon any pretext. This, indeed, proved the beginning
of a new policy of secrecy; for never afterward was any other person
permitted to visit either the mysterious garret workroom or the
adjacent storeroom which he cleared out, furnished roughly, and added
to his inviolably private domain as a sleeping apartment. Here he
lived, with books brought up from his library beneath, till the time
he purchased the Pawtuxet bungalow and moved to it all his scientific
effects.

In the evening Charles secured the paper before the rest of the family
and damaged part of it through an apparent accident. Later on Dr.
Willett, having fixed the date from statements by various members
of the household, looked up an intact copy at the _Journal_ office
and found that in the destroyed section the following small item had
occurred:

          Nocturnal Diggers Surprised in North Burial Ground

    Robert Hart, night watchman at the North Burial Ground, this
    morning discovered a party of several men with a motor truck in
    the oldest part of the cemetery, but apparently frightened them off
    before they had accomplished whatever their object may have been.

    The discovery took place at about four o'clock, when Hart's
    attention was attracted by the sound of a motor outside his
    shelter. Investigating, he saw a large truck on the main drive
    several rods away; but could not reach it before the sound of his
    feet on the gravel had revealed his approach. The men hastily
    placed a large box in the truck and drove away toward the street
    before they could be overtaken; and since no known grave was
    disturbed, Hart believes that this box was an object which they
    wished to bury.

    The diggers must have been at work for a long while before
    detection, for Hart found an enormous hole dug at a considerable
    distance back from the roadway in the lot of Amosa Field, where
    most of the old stones have long ago disappeared. The hole, a place
    as large and deep as a grave, was empty; and did not coincide with
    any interment mentioned in the cemetery records.

    Sergeant Riley of the Second Station viewed the spot and gave the
    opinion that the hole was dug by bootleggers rather gruesomely and
    ingeniously seeking a safe cache for liquor in a place not likely
    to be disturbed. In reply to questions Hart said he thought the
    escaping truck had headed up Rochambeau Avenue, though he could not
    be sure.

During the next few days Charles Ward was seldom seen by his family.
Having added sleeping quarters to his attic realm, he kept closely to
himself there, ordering food brought to the door and not taking it
in until after the servant had gone away. The droning of monotonous
formulae and the chanting of bizarre rhythms recurred at intervals,
while at other times occasional listeners could detect the sound of
tinkling glass, hissing chemicals, running water, or roaring gas
flames. Odors of the most unplaceable quality, wholly unlike any before
noted, hung at times around the door; and the air of tension observable
in the young recluse whenever he did venture briefly forth was such as
to excite the keenest speculation. Once he made a hasty trip to the
Athenaeum for a book he required, and again he hired a messenger to
fetch him a highly obscure volume from Boston. Suspense was written
portentously over the whole situation, and both the family and Dr.
Willett confessed themselves wholly at a loss what to do or think about
it.

       *       *       *       *       *

Then on the fifteenth of April a strange development occurred. While
nothing appeared to grow different in kind, there was certainly a very
terrible difference in degree; and Dr. Willett somehow attaches great
significance to the change. The day was Good Friday, a circumstance of
which the servants made much, but which others quite naturally dismiss
as an irrelevant coincidence. Late in the afternoon young Ward began
repeating a certain formula in a singularly loud voice, at the same
time burning some substance so pungent that its fumes escaped over the
entire house. The formula was so plainly audible in the hall outside
the locked door that Mrs. Ward could not help memorizing it as she
waited and listened anxiously, and later on she was able to write it
down at Dr. Willett's request. It ran as follows, and experts have told
Dr. Willett that its very close analogue can be found in the mystic
writings of "Eliphas Levi," that cryptic soul who crept through a crack
in the forbidden door and glimpsed the frightful vistas of the void
beyond:

    Per Adonai Eloim, Adonai Jehova, Adonai Sabaoth, Metraton Ou
    Agla Methon, verbum pythonicum, mysterium salamandrae, conventus
    sylvorum, antra, gnomorum, daemonia Coeli God, Almonsin, Gibor,
    Jehosua, Evam, Zariatnatmik, veni, veni, veni.

This had been going on for two hours without change or intermission
when over all the neighborhood a pandemoniac howling of dogs set in.
The extent of this howling can be judged from the space it received
in the papers the next day, but to those in the Ward household it was
over-shadowed by the odor which instantly followed it; a hideous,
all-pervasive odour which none of them had ever smelt before or have
ever smelt since. In the midst of this mephitic flood there came a
very perceptible flash like that of lightning, which would have been
blinding and impressive but for the daylight around; and then was heard
_the voice_ that no listener can ever forget because of its thunderous
remoteness, its incredible depth, and its eldritch dissimilarity to
Charles Ward's voice. It shook the house, and was clearly heard by at
least two neighbors above the howling of the dogs. Mrs. Ward, who had
been listening in despair outside her son's locked laboratory, shivered
as she recognized its hellish import; for Charles had told her of its
evil fame in dark books, and of the manner in which it had thundered,
according to the Fenner letters, above the doomed Pawtuxet farmhouse on
the night of Joseph Curwen's annihilation. There was no mistaking that
nightmare phrase, for Charles had described it too vividly in the old
days when he had talked frankly of his Curwen investigations. And yet
it was only this fragment of an archaic and forgotten language: "DIES
MIES JESCHET BOENE DOESEF DOUVEMA ENITEMAUS."

Close upon this thundering there came a momentary darkening
of the daylight, though sunset was still an hour distant,
and then a puff of added odor, different from the first but
equally unknown and intolerable. Charles was chanting again
now and his mother could hear syllables that sounded like
"Yi-ngah-Yog-Sothoth-he-lglb-fi-throdag"--ending in a "Yah!" whose
maniacal force mounted in an ear-splitting crescendo. A second later
all previous memories were effaced by the wailing scream which burst
out with frantic explosiveness and gradually changed form to a paroxysm
of diabolic and hysterical laughter. Mrs. Ward, with the mingled fear
and blind courage of maternity, advanced and knocked affrightedly
at the concealing panels, but obtained no sign of recognition. She
knocked again, but paused nervelessly as a second shriek arose, this
one unmistakably in the familiar voice of her son, and _sounding
concurrently with the still bursting cachinnations of that other
voice_. Presently she fainted, although she is still unable to recall
the precise and immediate cause. Memory sometimes makes merciful
deletions.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Ward returned from the business section at about quarter past
six; and not finding his wife downstairs, was told by the frightened
servants that she was probably watching at Charles' door, from which
the sounds had been far stranger than ever before. Mounting the stairs
at once, he saw Mrs. Ward stretched at full length on the floor of the
corridor outside the laboratory; and realizing that she had fainted,
hastened to fetch a glass of water from a set bowl in a neighboring
alcove. Dashing the cold fluid in her face, he was heartened to observe
an immediate response on her part, and was watching the bewildered
opening of her eyes when a chill shot through him and threatened to
reduce him to the very state from which she was emerging. For the
seemingly silent laboratory was not as silent as it had appeared to be,
but held the murmurs of a tense, muffled conversation in tones too low
for comprehension, yet of a quality profoundly disturbing to the soul.

It was not, of course, new for Charles to mutter formulae; but this
muttering was definitely different. It was so palpably a dialogue, or
imitation of a dialogue, with the regular alternation of inflections
suggesting question and answer, statement and response. One voice
was undisguisedly that of Charles, but the other had a depth and
hollowness which the youth's best powers of ceremonial mimicry had
scarcely approached before. There was something hideous, blasphemous,
and abnormal about it, and but for a cry from his recovering wife
which cleared his mind by arousing his protective instincts, it is not
likely that Theodore Howland Ward could have maintained for nearly
a year more his old boast that he had never fainted. As it was, he
seized his wife in his arms and bore her quickly downstairs before
she could notice the voices which had so horribly disturbed him. Even
so, however, he was not quick enough to escape catching something
himself which caused him to stagger dangerously with his burden. For
Mrs. Ward's cry had evidently been heard by others than he and there
had come in response to it from behind the locked door the first
distinguishable words which that hushed and terrible colloquy had
yielded. They were merely an excited caution in Charles' own voice, but
somehow their implications held a nameless fright for the father who
overheard them. The phrase was just this: "_Sshh!--write!_"

Mr. and Mrs. Ward conferred at some length after dinner, and the former
resolved to have a firm and serious talk with Charles that very night.
No matter how important the object, such conduct could no longer be
permitted; for these latest developments transcended every limit of
sanity and formed a menace to the order and nervous well-being of the
entire household. The youth must indeed have taken complete leave of
his senses, since only downright madness could have prompted the wild
screams and imaginary conversations in assumed voices which the present
day had brought forth. All this must be stopped, or Mrs. Ward would be
made ill and the keeping of servants become an impossibility.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Ward rose at the close of the meal and started upstairs for
Charles' laboratory. On the third floor, however, he paused at the
sounds which he heard proceeding from the now disused library of his
son. Books were apparently being flung about and papers wildly rustled,
and upon stepping to the door Mr. Ward beheld the youth within,
excitedly assembling a vast armful of literary matter of every size
and shape. Charles' aspect was very drawn and haggard, and he dropped
his entire load with a start at the sound of his father's voice. At
the elder man's command he sat down, and for some time listened to the
admonitions he had so long deserved. There was no scene. At the end of
the lecture he agreed that his father was right, and that his noises,
mutterings, incantations, and chemical odors were indeed inexcusable
nuisances. For the fright and fainting of his mother he expressed the
keenest contrition, and explained that the conversation later heard
was part of an elaborate symbolism designed to create a certain mental
atmosphere. His use of abstruse chemical terms somewhat bewildered
Mr. Ward, but the parting impression was one of undeniable sanity and
poise, despite a mysterious tension of the utmost gravity. Mr. Ward
hardly knew what to make of the entire business. It was as mysterious
as the death of poor old Nig, whose stiffening form had been found an
hour before in the basement, with staring eyes and fear-distorted mouth.

Driven by some vague detective instinct, the bewildered parent now
glanced curiously at the vacant shelves to see what his son had
taken up to the attic. The youth's library was plainly and rigidly
classified, so that one might tell at a glance the books or at least
the kind of books which had been withdrawn. On this occasion Mr. Ward
was astonished to find that nothing of the occult or the antiquarian,
beyond what had been previously removed, was missing. These new
withdrawals were all modern items; histories, scientific treatises,
geographies, manuals of literature, philosophic works, and certain
contemporary newspapers and magazines. It was a very curious shift
from Charles Ward's recent run of reading, and the father paused in a
growing vortex of perplexity and an engulfing sense of strangeness. The
strangeness was a very poignant sensation, and almost clawed at his
chest as he strove to see just what was wrong around him. Something was
indeed wrong, and tangibly as well as spiritually so.

On the north wall rose still the ancient carved overmantel from the
house in Olney Court, but to the cracked and precariously restored
oils of the large Curwen portrait disaster had come. Time and unequal
heating had done their work at last, and at some time since the room's
last cleaning the worst had happened. Peeling clear of the wood,
curling tighter and tighter, and finally crumbling into small bits with
what must have been malignly silent suddenness, the portrait of Joseph
Curwen had resigned for ever its staring surveillance of the youth it
so strangely resembled, and now lay scattered on the floor as a thin
coating of fine bluish-gray dust.




                     _4. A Mutation and a Madness_


In the week following that memorable Good Friday, Charles Ward was seen
more often than usual, and was continually carrying books between his
library and the attic laboratory. His actions were quiet and rational,
but he had a furtive, hunted look which his mother did not like, and
developed an incredibly ravenous appetite as gauged by his demands upon
the cook.

Dr. Willett had been told of those Friday noises and happenings, and
on the following Tuesday had a long conversation with the youth in the
library where the picture stared no more. The interview was, as always,
inconclusive; but Willett is still ready to swear that the youth
was sane and himself at the time. He held out promises of an early
revelation, and spoke of the need of securing a laboratory elsewhere.
At the loss of the portrait he grieved singularly little considering
his first enthusiasm over it, but seemed to find something of positive
humor in its sudden crumbling.

About the second week Charles began to be absent from the house for
long periods, and one day when good old black Hannah came to help with
the spring cleaning she mentioned his frequent visits to the old house
in Olney Court, where he would come with a large valise and perform
curious delvings in the cellar. He was always very liberal to her and
to old Asa, but seemed more worried than he used to be; which grieved
her very much, since she had watched him grow up from birth.

Another report of his doings came from Pawtuxet, where some friends
of the family saw him at a distance a surprising number of times. He
seemed to haunt the resort and canoe-house of Rhodes-on-the-Pawtuxet,
and subsequent inquiries by Dr. Willett at that place brought out
the fact that his purpose was always to secure access to the rather
hedged-in river-bank, along which he would walk toward the north,
usually not reappearing for a very long while.

Later in May came a momentary revival of ritualistic sounds in the
attic laboratory which brought a stern reproof from Mr. Ward and a
somewhat distracted promise of amendment from Charles. It occurred one
morning, and seemed to form a resumption of the imaginary conversation
noted on that turbulent Good Friday. The youth was arguing or
remonstrating hotly with himself, for there suddenly burst forth a
perfectly distinguishable series of clashing shouts in differentiated
tones like alternate demands and denials, which caused Mrs. Ward to run
upstairs and listen at the door. She could hear no more than a fragment
whose only plain words were "must have it red for three months," and
upon her knocking all sounds ceased at once. When Charles was later
questioned by his father he said that there were certain conflicts of
spheres of consciousness which only great skill could avoid, but which
he would try to transfer to other realms.

About the middle of June a queer nocturnal incident occurred. In the
early evening there had been some noise and thumping in the laboratory
upstairs, and Mr. Ward was on the point of investigating when it
suddenly quieted down. That midnight, after the family had retired, the
butler was nightlocking the front door when according to his statement
Charles appeared somewhat blunderingly and uncertainly at the foot of
the stairs with a large suitcase and made signs that he wished egress.
The youth spoke no word, but the worthy Yorkshireman caught one sight
of his fevered eyes and trembled causelessly. He opened the door and
young Ward went out, but in the morning he presented his resignation to
Mrs. Ward. There was, he said, something unholy in the glance Charles
had fixed on him. It was no way for a young gentleman to look at an
honest person, and he could not possibly stay another night. Mrs. Ward
allowed the man to depart, but she did not value his statement highly.
To fancy Charles in a savage state that night was quite ridiculous, for
as long as she had remained awake she had heard faint sounds from the
laboratory above; sounds as if of sobbing and pacing, and of a sighing
which told only of despair's profoundest depths. Mrs. Ward had grown
used to listening for sounds in the night, for the mystery of her son
was fast driving all else from her mind.

The next evening, much as on another evening nearly three months
before, Charles Ward seized the newspaper very early and accidentally
lost the main section. This matter was not recalled till later,
when Dr. Willett began checking up loose ends and searching out
missing links here and there. In the _Journal_ office he found the
section which Charles had lost, and marked two items as of possible
significance. They were as follows:

                         More Cemetery Delving

 It was this morning discovered by Robert Hart, night watchman at the
 North Burial ground, that ghouls were again at work in the ancient
 portion of the cemetery. The grave of Ezra Weeden, who was born
 in 1740 and died in 1824 according to his uprooted and savagely
 splintered slate headstone, was found excavated and rifled, the work
 being evidently done with a spade stolen from an adjacent tool shed.

    Whatever the contents may have been after more than a century of
    burial, all was gone except a few slivers of decayed wood. There
    were no wheel tracks, but the police have measured a single set of
    footprints which they found in the vicinity, and which indicate the
    boots of a man of refinement.

    Hart is inclined to link this incident with the digging
    discovered last March, when a party in a motor truck were
    frightened away after making a deep excavation; but Sergeant Riley
    of the Second Station discounts this theory and points to vital
    differences in the two cases. In March the digging had been in a
    spot where no grave was known; but this time a well-marked and
    cared-for grave had been rifled with every evidence of deliberate
    purpose and with a conscious malignity expressed in the splintering
    of the slab which had been intact up to the day before.

    Members of the Weeden family, notified of the happening, expressed
    their astonishment and regret; and were wholly unable to think of
    any enemy who would care to violate the grave of their ancestor.
    Hazard Weeden of 598 Angell Street recalls a family legend
    according to which Ezra Weeden was involved in some very peculiar
    circumstances, not dishonourable to himself, shortly before the
    Revolution; but of any modern feud or mystery he is frankly
    ignorant. Inspector Cunningham has been assigned to the case, and
    hopes to uncover some valuable clues in the near future.


                        Dogs Noisy in Pawtuxet

    Residents of Pawtuxet were aroused about three A.M. today by a
    phenomenal baying of dogs which seemed to centre near the river
    just north of Rhodes-on-the-Pawtuxet. The volume and quality of
    the howling were unusually odd, according to most who heard it;
    and Fred Lemdin, night watchman at Rhodes, declares it was mixed
    with something very like the shrieks of a man in mortal terror
    and agony. A sharp and very brief thunderstorm, which seemed to
    strike somewhere near the bank of the river, put an end to the
    disturbance. Strange and unpleasant odours, probably from the oil
    tanks along the bay, are popularly linked with this incident; and
    may have had their share in exciting the dogs.

The aspect of Charles now became very haggard and hunted, and all
agree in retrospect that he may have wished at this period to make
some statement or confession from which sheer terror withheld him. The
morbid listening of his mother in the night brought out the fact that
he made frequent sallies abroad under cover of darkness, and most of
the more academic alienists unite at present in charging him with the
revolting cases of vampirism which the press so sensationally reported
about this time, but which have not yet been definitely traced to any
known perpetrator. These cases, too recent and celebrated to need
detailed mention, involved victims of every age and type and seemed
to cluster around two distinct localities; the residential hill and
the North End, near the Ward home, and the suburban districts across
the Cranston line near Pawtuxet. Both late wayfarers and sleepers with
open windows were attacked, and those who lived to tell the tale spoke
unanimously of a lean, lithe, leaping monster with burning eyes which
fastened its teeth in the throat or upper arm and feasted ravenously.

[Illustration: "These cases of Vampirism involved victims of every age
and type."]

Dr. Willett, who refuses to date the madness of Charles Ward as far
back as even this, is cautious in attempting to explain these horrors.
He has, he declares, certain theories of his own; and limits his
positive statements to a peculiar kind of negation. "I will not,"
he says, "state who or what I believe perpetrated these attacks and
murders, but I will declare that Charles Ward was innocent of them. I
have reason to be sure he was ignorant of the taste of blood, as indeed
his continued anaemic decline and increasing pallor prove better than
any verbal argument. Ward meddled with terrible things, but he has paid
for it, and he was never a monster or a villain.

"As for now, I don't like to think. A change came, and I'm content to
believe that the old Charles Ward died with it. His soul did, anyhow,
for that mad flesh that vanished from Waite's hospital had another."

Willett speaks with authority, for he was often at the Ward home
attending Mrs. Ward, whose nerves had begun to snap under the strain.
Her nocturnal listening had bred some morbid hallucinations which
she confided to the doctor with hesitancy, and which he ridiculed in
talking to her, although they made him ponder deeply when alone. These
delusions always concerned the faint sounds which she fancied she heard
in the attic laboratory and bedroom, and emphasized the occurrence
of muffled sighs and sobbings at the most impossible times. Early in
July Willett ordered Mrs. Ward to Atlantic City for an indefinite
recuperative sojourn, and cautioned both Mr. Ward and the haggard and
elusive Charles to write her only cheering letters. It is probably
to this enforced and reluctant escape that she owes her life and
continued sanity.

       *       *       *       *       *

Not long after his mother's departure Charles Ward began negotiating
for the Pawtuxet bungalow. It was a squalid little wooden edifice with
a concrete garage, perched high on the sparsely settled bank of the
river slightly above Rhodes, but for some odd reason the youth would
have nothing else. He gave the real-estate agencies no peace till one
of them secured it for him at an exorbitant price from a somewhat
reluctant owner, and as soon as it was vacant he took possession under
cover of darkness, transporting in a great closed van the entire
contents of his attic laboratory, including the books both weird and
modern which he had borrowed from his study. He had this van loaded in
the black small hours, and his father recalls only a drowsy realization
of stifled oaths and stamping feet on the night the goods were taken
away. After that Charles moved back to his own old quarters on the
third floor, and never haunted the attic again.

To the Pawtuxet bungalow Charles transferred all the secrecy with
which he had surrounded his attic realm, save that he now appeared to
have two sharers of his mysteries; a villainous-looking Portuguese
half-caste from the South Main Street Waterfront who acted as a
servant, and a thin scholarly stranger with dark glasses and a
stubbly full beard of dyed aspect whose status was evidently that of
a colleague. Neighbors vainly tried to engage these odd persons in
conversation. The mulatto, Gomes, spoke very little English, and the
bearded man who gave his name as Dr. Allen voluntarily followed his
example. Ward himself tried to be more affable, but succeeded only in
provoking curiosity with his rambling accounts of chemical research.
Before long queer tales began to circulate regarding the all-night
burning of lights; and somewhat later, after this burning had suddenly
ceased, there rose still queerer tales of disproportionate orders of
meat from the butcher's and of the muffled shouting, declamation,
rhythmic chanting, and screaming supposed to come from some very deep
cellar below the place. Most distinctly the new and strange household
was bitterly disliked by the honest bourgeoisie of the vicinity, and it
is not remarkable that dark hints were advanced connecting the hated
establishment with the current epidemic of vampiristic attacks and
murders; especially since the radius of that plague seemed now confined
wholly to Pawtuxet and the adjacent streets of Edgewood.

Ward spent most of his time at the bungalow, but slept occasionally at
home and was still reckoned a dweller beneath his father's roof. Twice
he was absent from the city on week-long trips, whose destinations have
not yet been discovered. He grew steadily paler and more emaciated even
than before, and lacked some of his former assurance when repeating
to Dr. Willett his old, old story of vital research and future
revelations. Willett often waylaid him at his father's house, for the
elder Ward was deeply worried and perplexed, and wished his son to get
as much sound oversight as could be managed in the case of so secretive
and independent an adult. The doctor still insists that the youth was
sane even as late as this, and adduces many a conversation to prove his
point.

About September the vampirism declined, but in the following January,
Ward almost became involved in serious trouble. For some time the
nocturnal arrival and departure of motor trucks at the Pawtuxet
bungalow had been commented upon, and at this juncture an unforeseen
hitch exposed the nature of at least one item of their contents. In a
lonely spot near Hope Valley had occurred one of the frequent sordid
waylayings of trucks by "hi-jackers" in quest of liquor shipments,
but this time the robbers had been destined to receive the greater
shock. For the long cases they seized proved upon opening to contain
some exceedingly gruesome things; so gruesome, in fact, that the matter
could not be kept quiet amongst the denizens of the underworld. The
thieves had hastily buried what they discovered, but when the State
Police got wind of the matter a careful search was made. A recently
arrested vagrant, under promise of immunity from prosecution on any
additional charge, at last consented to guide a party of troopers to
the spot; and there was found in that hasty cache a very hideous and
shameful thing. It would not be well for the national--or even the
international--sense of decorum if the public were ever to know what
was uncovered by that awestruck party. There was no mistaking it, even
by these far from studious officers; and telegrams to Washington ensued
with feverish rapidity.

The cases were addressed to Charles Ward at his Pawtuxet bungalow,
and State and Federal officials at once paid him a very forceful and
serious call. They found him pallid and worried with his two odd
companions, and received from him what seemed to be a valid explanation
and evidence of innocence. He had needed certain anatomical specimens
as part of a program of research whose depth and genuineness anyone
who had known him in the last decade could prove, and had ordered
the required kind and number from agencies which he had thought as
reasonably legitimate as such things can be. Of the _identity_ of the
specimens he had known absolutely nothing, and was properly shocked
when the inspectors hinted at the monstrous effect on public sentiment
and national dignity which a knowledge of the matter would produce. In
this statement he was firmly sustained by his bearded colleague Dr.
Allen, whose oddly hollow voice carried even more conviction than his
own nervous tones; so that in the end the officials took no action,
but carefully set down the New York name and address which Ward gave
them as a basis for a search which came to nothing. It is only fair
to add that the specimens were quickly and quietly restored to their
proper places, and that the general public will never know of their
blasphemous disturbance.

       *       *       *       *       *

On February 9, 1928, Dr. Willett received a letter from Charles Ward
which he considers of extraordinary importance, and about which he has
frequently quarreled with Dr. Lyman. Lyman believes that this note
contains positive proof of a well-developed case of _dementia praecox_,
but Willett on the other hand regards it as the last perfectly sane
utterance of the hapless youth. He calls especial attention to the
normal character of the penmanship; which though shewing traces of
shattered nerves, is nevertheless distinctly Ward's own. The text in
full is as follows:

                                                      100 Prospect St.,
                                                     Providence, R. I.,
                                                         March 8, 1928.

    Dear Dr. Willett--

    I feel that at last the time has come for me to make the
    disclosures which I have so long promised you, and for which you
    have pressed me so often. The patience you have shewn in waiting,
    and the confidence you have shewn in my mind and integrity, are
    things I shall never cease to appreciate.

    And now that I am ready to speak, I must own with humiliation
    that no triumph such as I dreamed of can ever be mine. Instead
    of triumph I have found terror, and my talk with you will not be
    a boast of victory but a plea for help and advice in saving both
    myself and the world from a horror beyond all human conception
    or calculation. You recall what those Fenner letters said of the
    old raiding party at Pawtuxet. That must all be done again, and
    quickly. Upon us depends more than can be put into words--all
    civilisation, all natural law, perhaps even the fate of the solar
    system and the universe. I have brought to light a monstrous
    abnormality, but I did it for the sake of knowledge. Now for the
    sake of all life and nature you must help me thrust it back into
    the dark again.

    I have left that Pawtuxet place forever, and we must extirpate
    everything existing there, alive or dead. I shall not go there
    again, and you must not believe it if you ever hear that I am
    there. I will tell you why I say this when I see you. I have come
    home for good, and wish you would call on me at the very first
    moment that you can spare five or six hours continuously to hear
    what I have to say. It will take that long--and believe me when I
    tell you that you never had a more genuine professional duty than
    this. My life and reason are the very least things which hang in
    the balance.

    I dare not tell my father, for he could not grasp the whole thing.
    But I have told him of my danger, and he has four men from a
    detective agency watching the house. I don't know how much good
    they can do, for they have against them forces which even you could
    scarcely envisage or acknowledge. So come quickly if you wish to
    see me alive and hear how you may help to save the cosmos from
    stark hell.

    Any time will do--I shall not be out of the house. Don't telephone
    ahead, for there is no telling who or what may try to intercept
    you. And let us pray to whatever gods there be that nothing may
    prevent this meeting.

    In utmost gravity and desperation,

                                                   Charles Dexter Ward.

    P. S.--Shoot Dr. Allen on sight _and dissolve his body in acid.
    Don't burn it._

Dr. Willett received this note about ten-thirty a.m., and immediately
arranged to spare the whole late afternoon and evening for the
momentous talk, letting it extend on into the night as long as might
be necessary. He planned to arrive about four o'clock, and through
all the intervening hours was so engulfed in every sort of wild
speculation that most of his tasks were very mechanically performed.
Maniacal as the letter would have sounded to a stranger, Willett had
seen too much of Charles Ward's oddities to dismiss it as sheer raving.
That something very subtle, ancient, and horrible was hovering about
he felt quite sure, and the reference to Dr. Allen could almost be
comprehended in view of what Pawtuxet gossip said of Ward's enigmatical
colleague. Willett had never seen the man, but had heard much of his
aspect and bearing, and could not but wonder what sort of eyes those
much-discussed dark glasses might conceal.

Promptly at four Dr. Willett presented himself at the Ward residence,
but found to his annoyance that Charles had not adhered to his
determination to remain indoors. The guards were there, but said that
the young man seemed to have lost part of his timidity. He had that
morning done much apparently frightened arguing and protesting over
the telephone, one of the detectives said, replying to some unknown
voice with phrases such as "I am very tired and must rest awhile,"
"I can't receive anyone for some time, you'll have to excuse me,"
"Please postpone decisive action till we can arrange some sort of
compromise," or "I am very sorry, but I must take a complete vacation
from everything; I'll talk with you later." Then, apparently gaining
boldness through meditation, he had slipped out so quietly that no one
had seen him depart or knew that he had gone until he returned about
one o'clock and entered the house without a word. He had gone upstairs,
where a bit of his fear must have surged back; for he was heard to cry
out in a high terrified fashion upon entering his library, afterward
trailing off into a kind of choking gasp. When, however, the butler had
gone to inquire what the trouble was, he had appeared at the door with
a great show of boldness, and had silently gestured the man away in a
manner that terrified him unaccountably. Then he had evidently done
some rearranging of his shelves, for a great clattering and thumping
and creaking ensued; after which he had reappeared and left at once.
Willett inquired whether or not any message had been left, but was
told that there was none. The butler seemed queerly disturbed about
something in Charles' appearance and manner, and asked solicitously if
there was much hope for a cure of his disordered nerves.

For almost two hours Dr. Willett waited vainly in Charles Ward's
library, watching the dusty shelves with their wide gaps where books
had been removed, and smiling grimly at the paneled overmantel on
the north wall, whence a year before the suave features of old Joseph
Curwen had looked mildly down. After a time the shadows began to
gather, and the sunset cheer gave place to a vague growing terror which
flew shadow-like before the night. Mr. Ward finally arrived, and showed
much surprise and anger at his son's absence after all the pains which
had been taken to guard him. He had not known of Charles' appointment,
and promised to notify Willett when the youth returned. In bidding
the doctor good night he expressed his utter perplexity at his son's
condition, and urged his caller to do all he could to restore the boy
to normal poise. Willett was glad to escape from that library, for
something frightful and unholy seemed to haunt it; as if the vanished
picture had left behind a legacy of evil. He had never liked that
picture; and even now, strong-nerved though he was, there lurked a
quality in its vacant panel which made him feel an urgent need to get
out into the pure air as soon as possible.

       *       *       *       *       *

The next morning Willett received a message from the senior Ward,
saying that Charles was still absent. Mr. Ward mentioned that Dr.
Allen had telephoned him to say that Charles would remain at Pawtuxet
for some time, and that he must not be disturbed. This was necessary
because Allen himself was suddenly called away for an indefinite
period, leaving the researches in need of Charles' constant oversight.
Charles sent his best wishes, and regretted any bother his abrupt
change of plans might have caused. In listening to this message Mr.
Ward heard Dr. Allen's voice for the first time, and it seemed to
excite some vague and elusive memory which could not be actually
placed, but which was disturbing to the point of fearfulness.

Faced by these baffling and contradictory reports, Dr. Willett was
frankly at a loss what to do. The frantic earnestness of Charles'
note was not to be denied, yet what could one think of its writer's
immediate violation of his own expressed policy? Young Ward had written
that his delvings had become blasphemous and menacing, that they and
his bearded colleague must be extirpated at any cost, and that he
himself would never return to their final scene; yet according to
latest advices he had forgotten all this and was back in the thick
of the mystery. Common sense bade one leave the youth alone with his
freakishness, yet some deeper instinct would not permit the impression
of that frenzied letter to subside. Willett read it over again, and
could not make its essence sound as empty and insane as both its
bombastic verbiage and its lack of fulfilment would seem to imply.
Its terror was too profound and real, and in conjunction with what
the doctor already knew evoked too vivid hints of monstrosities from
beyond time and space, to permit of any cynical explanation. There were
nameless horrors abroad; and no matter how little one might be able to
get at them, one ought to stand prepared for any sort of action at any
time.

For over a week Dr. Willett pondered on the dilemma which seemed thrust
upon him, and became more and more inclined to pay Charles a call at
the Pawtuxet bungalow. No friend of the youth had ever ventured to
storm this forbidden retreat, and even his father knew of its interior
only from such descriptions as he chose to give; but Willett felt that
some direct conversation with his patient was necessary. Mr. Ward had
been receiving brief and non-committal typed notes from his son, and
said that Mrs. Ward in her Atlantic City retirement had had no better
word. So at length the doctor resolved to act; and despite a curious
sensation inspired by old legends of Joseph Curwen, and by more recent
revelations and warnings from Charles Ward, set boldly out for the
bungalow on the bluff above the river.

Willett had visited the spot before through sheer curiosity, though of
course never entering the house or proclaiming his presence; hence knew
exactly the route to take. Driving out Broad Street one early afternoon
toward the end of February in his small motor, he thought oddly of the
grim party which had taken that selfsame road a hundred and fifty-seven
years before, on a terrible errand which none might ever comprehend.

The ride through the city's decaying fringe was short, and trim
Edgewood and sleepy Pawtuxet presently spread out ahead. Willett turned
to the right down Lockwood Street and drove his car as far along that
rural road as he could, then alighted and walked north to where the
bluff towered above the lovely bends of the river and the sweep of
misty downlands beyond. Houses were still few here, and there was no
mistaking the isolated bungalow with its concrete garage on a high
point of land at his left. Stepping briskly up the neglected gravel
walk he rapped at the door with a firm hand, and spoke without a tremor
to the evil Portuguese mulatto who opened it to the width of a crack.

He must, he said, see Charles Ward at once on vitally important
business. No excuse would be accepted, and a repulse would mean only
a full report of the matter to the elder Ward. The mulatto still
hesitated, and pushed against the door when Willett attempted to open
it; but the doctor merely raised his voice and renewed his demands.
Then there came from the dark interior a husky whisper which somehow
chilled the hearer through and through, though he did not know why he
feared it. "Let him in, Tony," it said, "we may as well talk now as
ever." But disturbing as was the whisper, the greater fear was that
which immediately followed. The floor creaked and the speaker hove in
sight--and the owner of those strange and resonant tones was seen to be
no other than Charles Dexter Ward.

The minuteness with which Dr. Willett recalled and recorded his
conversation of that afternoon is due to the importance he assigns
to this particular period. For at last he concedes a vital change in
Charles Dexter Ward's mentality, and believes that the youth now spoke
from a brain hopelessly alien to the brain whose growth he had watched
for six and twenty years. Controversy with Dr. Lyman has compelled him
to be very specific, and he definitely dates the madness of Charles
Ward from the time the typewritten notes began to reach his parents.
Those notes are not in Ward's normal style; not even in the style of
that last frantic letter to Willett. Instead, they are strange and
archaic, as if the snapping of the writer's mind had released a flood
of tendencies and impressions picked up unconsciously through boyhood
antiquarianism. There is an obvious effort to be modern, but the spirit
and occasionally the language are those of the past.

       *       *       *       *       *

The past, too, was evident in Ward's every tone and gesture as he
received the doctor in that shadowy bungalow. He bowed, motioned
Willett to a seat, and began to speak abruptly in that strange whisper
which he sought to explain at the very outset.

"I am grown phthisical," he began, "from this cursed river air. You
must excuse my speech. I suppose you are come from my father to see
what ails me, and I hope you will say nothing to alarm him."

Willett was studying these scraping tones with extreme care, but
studying even more closely the face of the speaker. Something, he felt,
was wrong; and he thought of what the family had told him about the
fright of that Yorkshire butler one night. He wished it were not so
dark, but did not request that any blind be opened. Instead, he merely
asked Ward why he had so belied the frantic note of little more than a
week before.

"I was coming to that," the host replied. "You must know, I am in a
very bad state of nerves, and do and say queer things I cannot account
for. As I have told you often, I am on the edge of great matters; and
the bigness of them has a way of making me light-headed. Any man might
well be frighted of what I have found, but I am not to be put off for
long. I was a dunce to have that guard and stick at home; for having
gone this far, my place is here. I am not well spoke of by my prying
neighbors, and perhaps I was led by weakness to believe myself what
they say of me. There is no evil to any in what I do, so long as I do
it rightly. Have the goodness to wait six months, and I'll show you
what will pay your patience well.

"You may as well know I have a way of learning old matters from things
surer than books, and I'll leave you to judge the importance of what I
can give to history, philosophy, and the arts by reason of the doors
I have access to. My ancestor had all this when those witless peeping
Toms came and murdered him. I now have it again, or am coming very
imperfectly to have a part of it. This time nothing must happen, and
least of all through any idiot fears of my own. Pray forget all I writ
you, Sir, and have no fear of this place or any in it. Dr. Allen is a
man of fine parts, and I owe him an apology for anything ill I have
said of him. I wish I had no need to spare him, but there were things
he had to do elsewhere. His zeal is equal to mine in all those matters,
and I suppose that when I feared the work I feared him too as my
greatest helper in it."

Ward paused, and the doctor hardly knew what to say or think. He felt
almost foolish in the face of this calm repudiation of the letter;
and yet there clung to him the fact that while the present discourse
was strange and alien and indubitably mad, the note itself had been
tragic in its naturalness and likeness to the Charles Ward he knew.
Willett now tried to turn the talk on early matters, and recall to the
youth some past events which would restore a familiar mood; but in
this process he obtained only the most grotesque results. It was the
same with all the alienists later on. Important sections of Charles
Ward's store of mental images, mainly those touching modern times and
his own personal life, had been unaccountably expunged; while all the
massed antiquarianism of his youth had welled up from some profound
subconsciousness to engulf the contemporary and the individual. The
youth's ultimate knowledge of elder things was abnormal and unholy, and
he tried his best to hide it. When Willett would mention some favorite
object of his boyhood archaistic studies he often shed by pure accident
such a light as no normal mortal could conceivably be expected to
possess, and the doctor shuddered as the glib allusion glided by.

It was not wholesome to know so much about the way the fat sheriff's
wig fell off as he leaned over at the play in Mr. Douglass' Histrionick
Academy in King Street on the eleventh of February, 1762, which fell of
a Thursday; or about how the actors cut the text of Steele's "Conscious
Lover" so badly that one was almost glad the Baptist-ridden legislature
closed the theater a fortnight later. That Thomas Sabin's Boston coach
was "damn'd uncomfortable" old letters may well have told; but what
healthy antiquarian could recall how the creaking of Epenetus Olney's
new signboard (the gaudy Crown he set up after he took to calling his
tavern the Crown Coffee House) was exactly like the first few notes of
the new jazz piece all the radios in Pawtuxet were playing?

Ward, however, would not be quizzed long in this vein. Modern and
personal topics he waved aside quite summarily, whilst regarding
antique affairs he soon shewed the plainest boredom. What he wished
clearly enough was only to satisfy his visitor enough to make him
depart without the intention of returning. To this end he offered to
shew Willett the entire house, and at once proceeded to lead the doctor
through every room from cellar to attic. Willett looked sharply, but
noted that the visible books were far too few and trivial ever to have
filled the wide gaps on Ward's shelves at home, and that the meager
so-called "laboratory" was the flimsiest sort of a blind. Clearly,
there were a library and a laboratory elsewhere; but just where, it
was impossible to say. Essentially defeated in his quest for something
he could not name, Willett returned to town before evening and told
the senior Ward everything which had occurred. They agreed that the
youth must be definitely out of his mind, but decided that nothing
drastic need be done just then. Above all, Mrs. Ward must be kept in as
complete an ignorance as her son's own strange typed notes would permit.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Ward now determined to call in person upon his son, making it
wholly a surprise visit. Dr. Willett took him in his car one evening,
guiding him to within sight of the bungalow and waiting patiently for
his return. The session was a long one, and the father emerged in a
very saddened and perplexed state. His reception had developed much
like Willett's, save that Charles had been an excessively long time
in appearing after the visitor had forced his way into the hall and
sent the Portuguese away with an imperative demand; and in the bearing
of the altered son there was no trace of filial affection. The lights
had been dim, yet even so the youth had complained that they dazzled
him outrageously. He had not spoke out loud at all, averring that his
throat was in a very poor condition; but in his hoarse whisper there
was a quality so vaguely disturbing that Mr. Ward could not banish it
from his mind.

Now definitely leagued together to do all they could toward the youth's
mental salvation, Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett set about collecting
every scrap of data which the case might afford. Pawtuxet gossip was
the first item they studied, and this was relatively easy to glean
since both had friends in that region. Dr. Willett obtained the most
rumors because people talked more frankly to him than to a parent of
the central figure, and from all he heard he could tell that young
Ward's life had become indeed a strange one. Common tongues would
not dissociate his household from the vampirism of the previous
summer, while the nocturnal comings and goings of the motor trucks
provided their share of dark speculation. Local tradesmen spoke of
the queerness of the orders brought them by the evil-looking mulatto,
and in particular of the inordinate amounts of meat and fresh blood
secured from the two butcher shops in the immediate neighborhood. For a
household of only three, these quantities were quite absurd.

Then there was the matter of the sounds beneath the earth. Reports of
these things were harder to pin down, but all the vague hints tallied
in certain basic essentials. Noises of a ritual nature positively
existed, and at times when the bungalow was dark. They might, of
course, have come from the known cellar; but rumor insisted that there
were deeper and more spreading crypts. Recalling the ancient tales of
Joseph Curwen's catacombs, and assuming for granted that the present
bungalow had been selected because of its situation on the old Curwen
site as revealed in one or another of the documents found behind the
picture, Willett and Mr. Ward gave this phase of the gossip much
attention; and searched many times without success for the door in the
river bank which old manuscripts mentioned. As to popular opinions of
the bungalow's various inhabitants, it was soon plain that the Brava
Portuguese was loathed, the bearded and spectacled Dr. Allen feared,
and the pallid young scholar disliked to a profound extent. During
the last week or two Ward had obviously changed much, abandoning his
attempts at affability and speaking only in hoarse but oddly repellent
whispers on the few occasions that he ventured forth.

Such were the shreds and fragments gathered here and there; and over
these Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett held many long and serious conferences.
They strove to exercise deduction, induction, and constructive
imagination to their utmost extent; and to correlate every known fact
of Charles' later life, including the frantic letter which the doctor
now shewed the father, with the meager documentary evidence available
concerning old Joseph Curwen. They would have given much for a glimpse
of the papers Charles had found, for very clearly the key to the
youth's madness lay in what he had learned of the ancient wizard and
his doings.

And yet, after all, it was from no step of Mr. Ward's or Dr. Willett's
that the next move in this singular case proceeded. The father and
the physician, rebuffed and confused by a shadow too shapeless and
intangible to combat, had rested uneasily on their oars while the
typed notes of young Ward to his parents grew fewer and fewer. Then
came the first of the month with its customary financial adjustments,
and the clerks at certain banks began a peculiar shaking of heads and
telephoning from one to the other. Officials who knew Charles Ward
by sight went down to the bungalow to ask why every cheque of his
appearing at this juncture was a clumsy forgery, and were reassured
less than they ought to have been when the youth hoarsely explained
that his hand had lately been so much affected by a nervous shock as
to make normal writing impossible. He could, he said, form no written
characters at all except with great difficulty; and could prove it by
the fact that he had been forced to type all his recent letters, even
those to his father and mother, who would bear out the assertion.

What made the investigators pause in confusion was not this
circumstance alone, for that was nothing unprecedented or fundamentally
suspicious; nor even the Pawtuxet gossip, of which one or two of them
had caught echoes. It was the muddled discourse of the young man
which nonplussed them, implying as it did a virtually total loss of
memory concerning important monetary matters which he had had at his
fingertips only a month or two before. Something was wrong; for despite
the apparent coherence and rationality of his speech, there could be
no normal reason for this ill-concealed blankness on vital points.
Moreover, although none of these men knew Ward well, they could not
help observing the change in his language and manner. They had heard
he was an antiquarian, but even the most hopeless antiquarians do not
make daily use of obsolete phraseology and gestures. Altogether, this
combination of hoarseness, palsied hands, bad memory, and altered
speech and bearing must represent some disturbance or malady of genuine
gravity, which, no doubt, formed the basis of the prevailing odd
rumors; and after their departure the party of officials decided that a
talk with the senior Ward was imperative.

       *       *       *       *       *

So on the sixth of March, 1928, there was a long and serious conference
in Mr. Ward's office, after which the utterly bewildered father
summoned Dr. Willett in a kind of helpless resignation. Willett looked
over the strained and awkward signatures of the cheques, and compared
them in his mind with the penmanship of that last frantic note.
Certainly, the change was radical and profound, and yet there was
something damnably familiar about the new writing. It had crabbed and
archaic tendencies of a very curious sort, and seemed to result from a
type of stroke utterly different from that which the youth had always
used. It was strange--but where had he seen it before? On the whole, it
was obvious that Charles was insane. Of that there could be no doubt.
And since it appeared unlikely that he could handle his property or
continue to deal with the outside world much longer, something must
quickly be done toward his oversight and possible cure. It was then
that the alienists were called in, Drs. Peck and Waite of Providence
and Dr. Lyman of Boston, to whom Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett gave the most
exhaustive possible history of the case, and who conferred at length
in the now unused library of their young patient, examining what books
and papers of his were left in order to gain some further notion of
his habitual mental cast. After scanning this material and examining
the meaningless note to Willett, they all agreed that Charles Ward's
studies had been enough to unseat or at least to warp any ordinary
intellect, and wished most heartily that they could see his more
intimate volumes and documents; but this latter they knew they could
do, if at all, only after a scene at the bungalow itself. Willett now
reviewed the whole case with febrile energy; it being at this time that
he obtained the statements of the workmen who had seen Charles find the
Curwen documents, and that he collated the incidents of the destroyed
newspaper items, looking up the latter at the _Journal_ office.

On Thursday, the eighth of March, Drs. Willett, Peck, Lyman and Waite,
accompanied by Mr. Ward, paid the youth their momentous call; making
no concealment of their object and questioning the now acknowledged
patient with extreme minuteness. Charles, though he was ordinately
long in answering the summons and was still redolent of strange
and noxious laboratory odors when he did finally make his agitated
appearance, proved a far from recalcitrant subject; and admitted
freely that his memory and balance had suffered somewhat from close
application to abstruse studies. He offered no resistance when his
removal to other quarters was insisted upon; and seemed, indeed, to
display a high degree of intelligence as apart from mere memory. His
conduct would have sent his interviewers away in bafflement had not
the persistently archaic trend of his speech and the unmistakable
replacement of modern by ancient ideas in his consciousness marked
him out as one definitely removed from the normal. Of his work he
would say no more to the group of doctors than he had formerly said to
his family and to Dr. Willett, and his frantic note of the previous
month he dismissed as mere nerves and hysteria. He insisted that the
shadowy bungalow possessed no library or laboratory beyond the visible
ones, and waxed abstruse in explaining the absence from the house of
such odors as now saturated all his clothing. Neighborhood gossip he
attributed to nothing more than the cheap inventiveness of baffled
curiosity. Of the whereabouts of Dr. Allen he said he did not feel
at liberty to speak definitely, but assured his inquisitors that the
bearded and spectacled man would return when needed. In paying off
the stolid Brava who resisted all questioning by the visitors, and in
closing the bungalow which still seemed to hold such nighted secrets,
Ward shewed no sign of nervousness save a barely noticed tendency to
pause as though listening for something very faint. He was apparently
animated by a calmly philosophic resignation, as if his removal were
the merest transient incident which would cause the least trouble if
facilitated and disposed of once and for all. It was clear that he
trusted to his obviously unimpaired keenness of absolute mentality to
overcome all the embarrassments into which his twisted memory, his
lost voice and handwriting, and his secretive and eccentric behavior
had led him. His mother, it was agreed, was not to be told of the
change; his father supplying typed notes in his name. Ward was taken to
the restfully and picturesquely situated private hospital maintained
by Dr. Waite on Conanicut Island in the bay, and subjected to the
closest scrutiny and questioning by all the physicians connected
with the case. It was then that the physical oddities were noticed;
the slackened metabolism, the altered skin, and the disproportionate
neural reactions. Dr. Willett was the most perturbed of the various
examiners, for he had attended Ward all his life and could appreciate
with terrible keenness the extent of his physical disorganization. Even
the familiar olive-mark on his hip was gone, while on his chest was a
great black mole or cicatrice which had never been there before, and
which made Willett wonder whether the youth had ever submitted to any
of the "witch markings" reputed to be inflicted at certain unwholesome
nocturnal meetings in wild and lonely places. The doctor could not keep
his mind off a certain transcribed witch-trial record from Salem which
Charles had shewn him in the old non-secretive days, and which read:
"Mr. G. B. on that Nighte putt ye Divell his Marke upon Bridget S.,
Jonathan A., Simon O., Deliverance W., Joseph C., Susan P., Mehitable
C., and Deborah B." Ward's face, too, troubled him horribly, till at
length he suddenly discovered why he was horrified. Above the young
man's right eye was something which he had never previously noticed--a
small scar or pit precisely like that in the crumbled painting of
old Joseph Curwen, and perhaps attesting some hideous ritualistic
inoculation to which both had submitted at a certain stage of their
occult careers.

While Ward himself was puzzling all the doctors at the hospital, a very
strict watch was kept on all mail addressed either to him or to Dr.
Allen, which Mr. Ward had ordered delivered at the family home. Willett
had predicted that very little would be found, since any communications
of a vital nature would probably have been exchanged by messenger; but
in the latter part of March there did come a letter from Prague for Dr.
Allen which gave both the doctor and the father deep thought. It was in
a very crabbed and archaic hand; and though clearly not the effort of a
foreigner, shewed almost as singular a departure from modern English as
the speech of young Ward himself. It read:

                                                       Kleinstrasse 11,
                                                      Altstadt, Prague,
                                                       11th Feby. 1928.

    Brother in Almousin-Metraton!--

    I this day receiv'd yr mention of what came up from the Salts I
    sent you. It was wrong, and meanes clearly that ye Headstones had
    been chang'd when Barnabas gott me the Specimen. It is often so,
    as you must be sensible of from the Thing you gott from ye King's
    Chapell ground in 1769 and what H. gott from Olde Bury'g Point in
    1690, that was like to ende him. I gott such a Thing in Aegypt 75
    yeares gone, from the which came that Scar ye Boy saw on me here
    in 1924. As I told you longe ago, do not calle up That which you
    can not put downe; either from dead Saltes or out of ye Spheres
    beyond. Have ye Wordes for laying at all times readie, and stopp
    not to be sure when there is any Doubte of _Whom_ you have. Stones
    are all chang'd now in Nine groundes out of 10. You are never sure
    till you question. I this day heard from H., who has had Trouble
    with the Soldiers. He is like to be sorry Transylvania is pass'd
    from Hungary to Roumania, and wou'd change his Seat if the Castel
    weren't so fulle of What we Knowe. But of this he hath doubtless
    writ you. In my next Send'g there will be Somewhat from a Hill
    tomb from ye East that will delight you greatly. Meanwhile forget
    not I am desirous of B. F. if you can possibly get him for me. You
    know G. in Philadelphia better than I. Have him up firste if you
    will, but doe not use him soe hard he will be Difficult, for I must
    speake to him in ye Ende.

                                                Yogg-Sothoth Neblod Zin
                                                               Simon O.

    To Mr. J. C. in
    Providence.

Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett paused in utter chaos before this apparent
bit of unrelieved insanity. Only by degrees did they absorb what it
seemed to imply. So the absent Dr. Allen, and not Charles Ward, had
come to be the leading spirit at Pawtuxet? That must explain the wild
reference and denunciation in the youth's last frantic letter. And
what of this addressing of the bearded and spectacled stranger as "Mr.
J. C.?" There was no escaping the inference, but there are limits to
possible monstrosity. Who was "Simon O."; the old man Ward had visited
in Prague four years previously? Perhaps, but in the centuries behind
there had been another Simon O.--Simon Orne, alias Jedediah, of Salem,
who vanished in 1771, _and whose peculiar handwriting Dr. Willett
now unmistakably recognized from the photostatic copies of the Orne
formulae which Charles had once shewn him_. What horrors and mysteries,
what contradictions and contraventions of nature, had come back after a
century and a half to harass Old Providence with her clustered spires
and domes?

The father and the old physician, virtually at a loss what to do or
think, went to see Charles at the hospital and questioned him as
delicately as they could about Dr. Allen, and the Prague visit, and
about what he had learned of Simon or Jedediah Orne of Salem. To all
these inquiries the youth was politely non-committal, merely barking
in his hoarse whisper that he had found Dr. Allen to have a remarkable
spiritual rapport with certain souls from the past, and that any
correspondent that the bearded man might have in Prague would probably
be similarly gifted. When they left, Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett realized
to their chagrin that they had really been the ones under catechism;
and that without imparting anything vital himself, the confined youth
had adroitly pumped them of everything the Prague letter had contained.

Drs. Peck, Waite, and Lyman were not inclined to attach much
importance to the strange correspondence of young Ward's companion; for
they knew the tendency of kindred eccentrics and monomaniacs to band
together, and believed that Charles or Allen had merely unearthed an
expatriated counterpart--perhaps one who had seen Orne's handwriting
and copied it in an attempt to pose as the bygone character's
reincarnation. Allen himself was perhaps a similar case, and may have
persuaded the youth into accepting him as an avatar of the long-dead
Curwen. Such things had been known before, and on the same basis the
hard-headed doctors disposed of Willett's growing disquiet about
Charles Ward's present handwriting, as studied from unpremeditated
specimens obtained by various ruses. Willett thought he had placed its
odd familiarity at last, and that what it vaguely resembled was the
bygone penmanship of old Joseph Curwen himself; but this the other
physicians regarded as a phase of imitativeness only to be expected
in a mania of this sort, and refused to grant it any importance
either favorable or unfavorable. Recognizing this prosaic attitude
in his colleagues, Willett advised Mr. Ward to keep to himself the
letter which arrived for Dr. Allen on the second of April from Rakus,
Transylvania, in a handwriting so intensely and fundamentally like that
of the Hutchinson cipher that both father and physician paused in awe
before breaking the seal. This read as follows:

                                                       Castle Ferenczy,
                                                          7 March 1928.

    Dear C.--

    Hadd a Squd of 20 Militia up to talk about what the Country Folk
    say. Must digg deeper and have less Hearde. These Roumanians
    plague one damnably, being officious and particular where you
    cou'd buy a Magyar off with a Drinke and food. Last Monthe M. got
    me ye sarcophagus of ye Five Sphinxes from ye Acropolis where He
    whome I call'd up say'd it wou'd be, and I have hadde 3 Talkes
    _with What was therein inhum'd_. It will go to S. O. in Prague
    directly, and thence to you. It is stubborn but you know ye Way
    with Such. You shew Wisdom in having lesse about than Before;
    for there was no Neede to keep the Guards in Shape and eat'g off
    their Heades, and it made much to be founde in case of Trouble, as
    you too welle know. You can now move and Worke elsewhere with no
    Kill'g Trouble if nedful, though I hope no Thing will soon force
    you to so Bothersome a Course. I rejoice that you traffick not so
    much with _Those Outside_; for there was ever a Mortall Peril in
    it, and you are sensible what it did when you asked Protection of
    One not dispos'd to give it. You excel me in gett'g ye formulae
    so _another_ may saye them with Success, but Borellus fancy'd it
    wou'd be so if just ye right Wordes were hadd. Does ye Boy use 'em
    often? I regret that he growes squeamish, as I fear'd he wou'd when
    I hadde him here nigh fiften Monthes, but am sensible you knowe how
    to deal with him. You can't saye him down with ye Formula, for that
    will Worke only upon such as ye other Formula hath call'd up from
    Saltes; but you still have strong Handes and Knife and Pistol, and
    Graves are not harde to digg, nor Acids loth to burne. O. sayes
    you have promis'd him B. F. I must have him after. B. goes to you
    soone, and may he give you what you wishe of that Darke Thing
    belowe Memphis. Imploy care in what you calle up, and beware of ye
    Boy. It will be ripe in a yeare's time to have up ye Legions from
    Underneath, and then there are no Boundes to what shal be oures.
    Have Confidence in what I saye, for you knowe O. and I have hadd
    these 150 yeares more than you to consulte these Matters in.

                                                  Nephreu--Ka nai Hadoh
                                                                Edw: H.

    For J. Curwen, Esq.
    Providence.

But if Willett and Mr. Ward refrained from shewing this letter to
the alienists, they did not refrain from acting upon it themselves.
No amount of learned sophistry could controvert the fact that the
strangely bearded and spectacled Dr. Allen, of whom Charles' frantic
letter had spoken as such a monstrous menace, was in close and sinister
correspondence with two inexplicable creatures whom Ward had visited
in his travels and who plainly claimed to be survivals or avatars of
Curwen's old Salem colleagues; that he was regarding himself as the
reincarnation of Joseph Curwen, and that he entertained--or was at
least advised to entertain--murderous designs against a "boy" who could
scarcely be other than Charles Ward. There was organized horror afoot;
and no matter who had started it, the missing Allen was by this time
at the bottom of it. Therefore, thanking Heaven that Charles was now
safe in the hospital, Mr. Ward lost no time in engaging detectives to
learn all they could of the cryptic bearded doctor; finding whence he
had come and what Pawtuxet knew of him, and if possible discovering
his current whereabouts. Supplying the men with one of the bungalow
keys which Charles had yielded up, he urged them to explore Allen's
vacant room which had been identified when the patient's belongings had
been packed; obtaining what clues they could from any effects he might
have left about. Mr. Ward talked with the detectives in his son's old
library, and they felt a marked relief when they left it at last; for
there seemed to hover about the place a vague aura of evil. Perhaps it
was what they had heard of the infamous old wizard whose picture had
once stared from the paneled overmantel, and perhaps it was something
different and irrelevant; but in any case they all half-sensed an
intangible miasma which centered in that carven vestige of an older
dwelling and which at times almost rose to the intensity of a material
emanation.




                   _5. A Nightmare and a Cataclysm_


And now swiftly followed that hideous experience which has left its
indelible mark of fear on the soul of Marinus Bicknell Willett, and
has added a decade to the visible age of one whose youth was even then
far behind. Dr. Willett had conferred at length with Mr. Ward, and had
come to an agreement with him on several points which both felt the
alienists would ridicule. There was, they conceded, a terrible movement
alive in the world, whose direct connection with a necromancy even
older than the Salem witchcraft could not be doubted. That at least
two living men--and one other of whom they dared not think--were in
absolute possession of minds or personalities which had functioned as
early as 1690 or before was likewise almost unassailably proved even in
the face of all known natural laws. What these horrible creatures--and
Charles Ward as well--were doing or trying to do seemed fairly clear
from their letters and from every bit of light both old and new which
had filtered in upon the case. They were robbing the tombs of all the
ages, including those of the world's wisest and greatest men, in the
hope of recovering from bygone ashes some vestige of the consciousness
and lore which had once animated and informed them.

A hideous traffic was going on among these nightmare ghouls, whereby
illustrious bones were bartered with the calm calculativeness of
schoolboys swapping books; and from what was extorted from this
centuried dust there was anticipated a power and a wisdom beyond
anything which the cosmos had ever seen concentrated in one man or
group. They had found unholy ways to keep their brains alive, either
in the same body or different bodies; and had evidently achieved a way
of tapping the consciousness of the dead whom they gathered together.
There had, it seems, been some truth in chimerical old Borellus when
he wrote of preparing from even the most antique remains certain
"Essential Saltes" from which the shade of a long-dead living thing
might be raised up. There was a formula for evoking such a shade, and
another for putting it down; and it had now been so perfected that it
could be taught successfully. One must be careful about evocations, for
the markers of old graves are not always accurate.

Willett and Mr. Ward shivered as they passed from conclusion to
conclusion. Things--presences or voices of some sort--could be drawn
down from unknown places as well as from the grave, and in this process
also one must be careful. Joseph Curwen had indubitably evoked many
forbidden things, and as for Charles--what might one think of him?
What forces "outside the spheres" had reached him from Joseph Curwen's
day and turned his mind on forgotten things? He had been led to find
certain directions, and he had used them. He had talked with the man
of horror in Prague and stayed long with the creature in the mountains
of Transylvania. And he must have found the grave of Joseph Curwen at
last. That newspaper item and what his mother had heard in the night
were too significant to overlook. Then he had summoned something, and
it must have come. That mighty voice aloft on Good Friday, and those
_different_ tones in the locked attic laboratory. What were they
like, with their depth and hollowness? Was there not here some awful
foreshadowing of the dreaded stranger Dr. Allen with his spectral bass?
Yes, _that_ was what Mr. Ward had felt with vague horror in his single
talk with the man--if man it were--over the telephone!

What hellish consciousness or voice, what morbid shade or presence,
had come to answer Charles Ward's secret rites behind that locked
door? Those voices heard in argument--"must have it red for three
months"--Good God! Was not that just before the vampirism broke out?
The rifling of Ezra Weeden's ancient grave, and the cries later at
Pawtuxet--whose mind had planned the vengeance and rediscovered the
shunned seat of elder blasphemies? And then the bungalow and the
bearded stranger, and the gossip, and the fear. The final madness of
Charles neither father nor doctor could attempt to explain, but they
did feel sure that the mind of Joseph Curwen had come to earth again
and was following its ancient morbidities. Was demoniac possession
in truth a possibility? Allen had something to do with it, and the
detectives must find out more about one whose existence menaced the
young man's life. In the meantime, since the existence of some vast
crypt beneath the bungalow seemed virtually beyond dispute, some
effort must be made to find it. Willett and Mr. Ward, conscious of
the sceptical attitude of the alienists, resolved during their final
conference to undertake a joint secret exploration of unparalleled
thoroughness; and agreed to meet at the bungalow on the following
morning with valises and with certain tools and accessories suited to
architectural search and underground exploration.

       *       *       *       *       *

The morning of April sixth dawned clear, and both explorers were at the
bungalow by ten o'clock. Mr. Ward had the key, and an entry and cursory
survey were made. From the disordered condition of Dr. Allen's room it
was obvious that the detectives had been there before, and the later
searchers hoped that they had found some clue which might prove of
value. Of course the main business lay in the cellar; so thither they
descended without much delay, again making the circuit which each had
vainly made before in the presence of the mad young owner. For a time
everything seemed baffling, each inch of the earthen floor and stone
walls having so solid and innocuous an aspect that the thought of a
yawning aperture was scarcely to be entertained. Willett reflected that
since the original cellar was dug without knowledge of any catacombs
beneath, the beginning of the passage would represent the strictly
modern delving of young Ward and his associates, where they had probed
for the ancient vaults whose rumor could have reached them by no
wholesome means.

The doctor tried to put himself in Charles' place and see how a delver
would be likely to start, but could not gain much inspiration from this
method. Then he decided on elimination as a policy, and went carefully
over the whole subterranean surface both vertical and horizontal,
trying to account for every inch separately. He was soon substantially
narrowed down, and at last had nothing left but the small platform
before the washtubs, which he had tried once before in vain. Now
experimenting in every possible way, and exerting a double strength,
he finally found that the top did indeed turn and slide horizontally
on a corner pivot. Beneath it lay a trim concrete surface with an iron
man-hole, to which Mr. Ward at once rushed with excited zeal. The
cover was not hard to lift, and the father had quite removed it when
Willett noticed the queerness of his aspect. He was swaying and nodding
dizzily, and in the gust of noxious air which swept up from the black
pit beneath the doctor soon recognized ample cause.

In a moment Dr. Willett had his fainting companion on the floor above
and was reviving him with cold water. Mr. Ward responded feebly, but it
could be seen that the mephitic blast from the crypt had in some way
gravely sickened him. Wishing to take no chances, Willett hastened out
to Broad Street for a taxicab and had soon dispatched the sufferer home
despite his weak-voiced protests; after which he produced an electric
torch, covered his nostrils with a band of sterile gauze, and descended
once more to peer into the new-found depths. The foul air had now
slightly abated, and Willett was able to send a beam of light down the
Stygian hole. For about ten feet, he saw, it was a sheer cylindrical
drop with concrete walls and an iron ladder; after which the hole
appeared to strike a flight of old stone steps which must originally
have emerged to earth somewhat southward of the present building.

       *       *       *       *       *

Willett freely admits that for a moment the memory of the old Curwen
legends kept him from climbing down alone into that malodorous gulf.
He could not help thinking of what Luke Fenner had reported on that
last monstrous night. Then duty asserted itself and he made the plunge,
carrying a great valise for the removal of whatever papers might
prove of supreme importance. Slowly, as befitted one of his years,
he descended the ladder and reached the slimy steps below. This was
ancient masonry, his torch told him; and upon the dripping walls he
saw the unwholesome moss of centuries. Down, down, ran the steps; not
spirally, but in three abrupt turns; and with such narrowness that two
men could have passed only with difficulty. He had counted about thirty
when a sound reached him very faintly; and after that he did not feel
disposed to count any more.

It was a godless sound; one of those low-keyed, insidious outrages
of nature which are not meant to be. To call it a dull wail, a
doom-dragged whine, or a hopeless howl of chorused anguish and
stricken flesh without mind would be to miss its most quintessential
loathesomeness and soul-sickening overtones. Was it for this that
Ward had seemed to listen on that day he was removed? It was the most
shocking thing that Willett had ever heard, and it continued from
no determinate point as the doctor reached the bottom of the steps
and cast his torchlight around on lofty corridor walls surmounted by
Cyclopean vaulting and pierced by numberless black archways. The hall
in which he stood was perhaps fourteen feet high to the middle of
the vaulting and ten or twelve feet broad. Its pavement was of large
chipped flagstones, and its walls and roof were of dressed masonry. Its
length he could not imagine, for it stretched ahead indefinitely into
the blackness. Of the archways, some had doors of the old six-paneled
colonial type, whilst others had none.

Overcoming the dread induced by the smell and the howling, Willett
began to explore these archways one by one; finding beyond them
rooms with groined stone ceilings, each of medium size and apparently
of bizarre uses. Most of them had fireplaces, the upper courses of
whose chimneys would have formed an interesting study in engineering.
Never before or since had he seen such instruments or suggestions
of instruments as here loomed up on every hand through the burying
dust and cobwebs of a century and a half, in many cases evidently
shattered as if by the ancient raiders. For many of the chambers
seemed wholly untrodden by modern feet, and must have represented the
earliest and most obsolete phases of Joseph Curwen's experimentation.
Finally there came a room of obvious modernity, or at least of recent
occupancy. There were oil heaters, bookshelves and tables, chairs and
cabinets, and a desk piled high with papers of varying antiquity and
contemporaneousness. Candlesticks and oil lamps stood about in several
places; and finding a match safe handy, Willett lighted such as were
ready for use.

In the fuller gleam it appeared that this apartment was nothing less
than the latest study or library of Charles Ward. Of the books the
doctor had seen many before, and a good part of the furniture had
plainly come from the Prospect Street mansion. Here and there was
a piece well known to Willett, and the sense of familiarity became
so great that he half forgot the noisomeness and the wailing, both
of which were plainer here than they had been at the foot of the
steps. His first duty, as planned long ahead, was to find and seize
any papers which might seem of vital importance; especially those
portentous documents found by Charles so long ago behind the picture
in Olney Court. As he searched he perceived how stupendous a task the
final unraveling would be; for file on file was stuffed with papers
in curious hands and bearing curious designs, so that months or even
years might be needed for a thorough deciphering and editing. Once he
found large packets of letters with Prague and Rakus postmarks, and in
writing clearly recognizable as Orne's and Hutchinson's; all of which
he took with him as part of the bundle to be removed in his valise.

At last, in a locked mahogany cabinet once gracing the Ward home,
Willett found the batch of old Curwen papers; recognizing them from
the reluctant glimpse Charles had granted him so many years ago. The
youth had evidently kept them together very much as they had been when
first he found them, since all the titles recalled by the workmen were
present except the papers addressed to Orne and Hutchinson, and the
cipher with its key. Willett placed the entire lot in his valise and
continued his examination of the files. Since young Ward's immediate
condition was the greatest matter at stake, the closest searching was
done among the most obviously recent matter; and in this abundance of
contemporary manuscript one very baffling oddity was noted. That oddity
was the slight amount in Charles' normal writing, which indeed included
nothing more recent than two months before. On the other hand, there
were literally reams of symbols and formulae, historical notes and
philosophical comment, in a crabbed penmanship absolutely identical
with the ancient script of Joseph Curwen, though of undeniably modern
dating. Plainly, a part of the latter-day program had been a sedulous
imitation of the old wizard's writing, which Charles seemed to have
carried to a marvelous state of perfection. Of any third hand which
might have been Allen's there was not a trace. If he had indeed come to
be the leader, he must have forced young Ward to act as his amanuensis.

In this new material one mystic formula, or rather pair of formulae,
recurred so often that Willett had it by heart before he had half
finished his quest. It consisted of two parallel columns, the left-hand
one surmounted by the archaic symbol called "Dragon's Head" and used
in almanacs to indicate the ascending node, and the right-hand one
headed by the corresponding sign of "Dragon's Tail" or descending
node. The appearance of the whole was something like this, and almost
unconsciously the doctor realized that the second half was no more
than the first written syllabically backward with the exception of the
final monosyllables and of the odd name _Yog-Sothoth_, which he had
come to recognize under various spellings from other things he had
seen in connection with this horrible matter. The formulae were as
follows--_exactly_ so, as Willett is abundantly able to testify--and
the first one struck an odd note of uncomfortable latent memory in his
brain, which he recognized later when reviewing the events of that
horrible Good Friday of the previous year.

[Illustration:

    Y'AI 'NG'NGAH,
    _YOG-SOTHOTH_
    H'EE----L'GEB
    F'AI THRODOG
    _UAAAH_
]

[Illustration:

    OGTHROD AI'F
    GEB'L----EE'H
    _YOG-SOTHOTH_
    'NGAH'NG AI'Y
    _ZHRO_
]

So haunting were these formulae, and so frequently did he come upon
them, that before the doctor knew it he was repeating them under his
breath. Eventually, however, he felt he had secured all the papers he
could digest to advantage for the present; hence resolved to examine no
more till he could bring the sceptical alienists en masse for an ample
and more systematic raid. He had still to find the hidden laboratory,
so leaving his valise in the lighted room he emerged again into the
black noisome corridor whose vaulting echoed ceaselessly with that dull
and hideous whine.

The next few rooms he tried were all abandoned or filled only with
crumbling boxes and ominous-looking leaden coffins; but impressed him
deeply with the magnitude of Joseph Curwen's original operations. He
thought of the slaves and seamen who had disappeared, of the graves
which had been violated in every part of the world, and of what
that final raiding party must have seen; and then he decided it was
better not to think any more. Once a great stone staircase mounted at
his right, and he deduced that this must have reached to one of the
Curwen outbuildings--perhaps the famous stone edifice with the high
slitlike windows--provided the steps he had descended had led from the
steep-roofed farmhouse. Suddenly the walls seemed to fall away ahead,
and the stench and the wailing grew stronger. Willett saw that he had
come upon a vast open space, so great that his torchlight would not
carry across it; and as he advanced he encountered occasional stout
pillars supporting the arches of the roof.

After a time he reached a circle of pillars grouped like the monoliths
of Stonehenge, with a large carved altar on a base of three steps in
the center; and so curious were the carvings on that altar that he
approached to study them with his electric light. But when he saw what
they were he shrank away shuddering, and did not stop to investigate
the dark stains which discolored the upper surface and had spread down
the sides in occasional thin lines. Instead, he found the distant wall
and traced it as it swept around in a gigantic circle perforated by
occasional black doorways and indented by a myriad of shallow cells
with iron gratings and wrist and ankle bonds on chains fastened to the
stone of the concave rear masonry. These cells were empty, but still
the horrible odor and the dismal moaning continued, more insistent
now than ever, and seemingly varied at times by a sort of slippery
thumping.

       *       *       *       *       *

From that frightful smell and that uncanny noise Willett's attention
could no longer be diverted. Both were plainer and more hideous in the
great pillared hall than anywhere else, and carried a vague impression
of being far below, even in this dark nether world of subterrene
mystery. Before trying any of the black archways for steps leading
further down, the doctor cast his beam of light about the stone-flagged
floor. It was very loosely paved, and at irregular intervals there
would occur a slab curiously pierced by small holes in no definite
arrangement, while at one point there lay a very long ladder carelessly
flung down. To this ladder, singularly enough, appeared to cling a
particularly large amount of the frightful odor which encompassed
everything. As he walked slowly about, it suddenly occurred to Willett
that both the noise and the odor seemed strongest directly above the
oddly pierced slabs, as if they might be crude trap-doors leading down
to some still deeper region of horror. Kneeling by one, he worked at it
with his hands, and found that with extreme difficulty he could budge
it. At his touch the moaning beneath ascended to a louder key, and only
with vast trepidation did he persevere in the lifting of the heavy
stone. A stench unnamable now rose from below, and the doctor's head
reeled dizzily as he laid back the slab and turned his torch upon the
exposed square yard of gaping blackness.

If he had expected a flight of steps to some wide gulf of ultimate
abomination, Willett was destined to be disappointed; for amidst
that foetor and cracked whining he discerned only the brick-faced
top of a cylindrical well perhaps a yard and a half in diameter and
devoid of any ladder or other means of descent. As the light shone
down, the wailing changed suddenly to a series of horrible yelps; in
conjunction with which there came again that sound of blind, futile
scrambling and slippery thumping. The explorer trembled, unwilling even
to imagine what noxious thing might be lurking in that abyss; but in
a moment mustered up the courage to peer over the rough-hewn brink;
lying at full length and holding the torch downward at arm's length to
see what might lie below. For a second he could distinguish nothing
but the slimy, moss-grown brick walls sinking illimitably into that
half-tangible miasma of murk and foulness and anguished frenzy; and
then he saw that something dark was leaping clumsily and frantically
up and down at the bottom of the narrow shaft, which must have been
from twenty to twenty-five feet below the stone floor where he lay.
The torch shook in his hand, but he looked again to see what manner
of living creature might be immured there in the darkness of that
unnatural well; left starving by young Ward through all the long month
since the doctors had taken him away, and clearly only one of a vast
number prisoned in the kindred wells whose pierced stone covers so
thickly studded the floor of the great vaulted cavern. Whatever the
things were, they could not lie down in their cramped spaces; but must
have crouched and whined and waited and feebly leaped all those hideous
weeks since their master had abandoned them unheeded.

But Marinus Bicknell Willett was sorry that he looked again; for
surgeon and veteran of the dissecting-room though he was, he has not
been the same since. It is hard to explain just how a single sight of
a tangible object with measurable dimensions could so shake and change
a man; and we may only say that there is about certain outlines and
entities a power of symbolism and suggestion which acts frightfully
on a sensitive thinker's perspective and whispers terrible hints
of obscure cosmic relationships and unnamable realities behind the
protective illusions of common vision. In that second look Willett
saw such an outline or entity, for during the next few instants he was
undoubtedly as stark mad as any inmate of Dr. Waite's private hospital.
He dropped the electric torch from a hand drained of muscular power or
nervous coordination, nor heeded the sound of crunching teeth which
told of its fate at the bottom of the pit. He screamed and screamed
and screamed in a voice whose falsetto panic no acquaintance of his
would ever have recognized, and though he could not rise to his feet he
crawled and rolled desperately away over the damp pavement where dozens
of Tartarean wells poured forth their exhausted whining and yelping
to answer his own insane cries. He tore his hands on the rough, loose
stones, and many times bruised his head against the frequent pillars,
but still he kept on. Then at last he slowly came to himself in the
utter blackness and stench, and stopped his ears against the droning
wail into which the burst of yelping had subsided. He was drenched
with perspiration and without means of producing a light; stricken and
unnerved in the abysmal blackness and horror, and crushed with a memory
he never could efface. Beneath him dozens of those things still lived,
and from one of the shafts the cover was removed. He knew that what he
had seen could never climb up the slippery walls, yet shuddered at the
thought that some obscure foothold might exist.

       *       *       *       *       *

What the thing was, he would never tell. It was like some of the
carvings on the hellish altar, but it was alive. Nature had never made
it in this form, for it was too palpably _unfinished_. The deficiencies
were of the most surprising sort, and the abnormalities of proportion
could not be described. Willett consents only to say that this type
of thing must have represented entities which Ward called up from
_imperfect salts_, and which he kept for servile or ritualistic
purposes. If it had not had a certain significance, its image would not
have been carved on that damnable stone. It was not the worst thing
depicted on that stone--but Willett never opened the other pits. At the
time, the first connected idea in his mind was an idle paragraph from
some of the old Curwen data he had digested long before; a phrase used
by Simon or Jedediah Orne in that portentous confiscated letter to the
bygone sorcerer:

"Certainly, there was Noth'g butt ye liveliest Awfullness in That which
H. rais'd upp from What he cou'd gather onlie a Part of."

Then, horribly supplementing rather than displacing this image, there
came a recollection of those ancient lingering rumors anent the burned
and twisted thing found in the fields a week after the Curwen raid.
Charles Ward had once told the doctor what old Slocum said of that
object; that it was neither thoroughly human, nor wholly allied to any
animal which Pawtuxet folk had ever seen or read about.

These words hummed in the doctor's mind as he rocked to and fro,
squatting on the nitrous stone floor. He tried to drive them out,
and repeated the Lord's Prayer to himself; eventually trailing off
into a mnemonic hodge-podge like the modernistic "Waste Land" of Mr.
T. S. Eliot and finally reverting to the oft-repeated dual formula
he had lately found in Ward's underground library: "_Y'ai 'ng-'ngah,
Yog-Sothoth_," and so on till the final underlined "_Zhro_." It seemed
to soothe him and he staggered to his feet after a time; lamenting
bitterly his fright-lost torch and looking wildly about for any gleam
of light in the clutching inkiness of the chilly air. Think he would
not; but he strained his eyes in every direction for some faint glint
or reflection of the bright illumination he had left in the library.
After awhile he thought he detected a suspicion of a glow infinitely
far away, and toward this he crawled in agonized caution on hands and
knees amidst the stench and howling, always feeling ahead lest he
collide with the numerous great pillars or stumble into the abominable
pit he had uncovered.

Once his shaking fingers touched something which he knew must be the
steps leading to the hellish altar, and from this spot he recoiled
in loathing. At another time he encountered the pierced slab he had
removed, and here his caution became almost pitiful. But he did not
come upon the dread aperture after all, nor did anything issue from
that aperture to detain him. What had been down there made no sound
nor stir. Evidently its crunching of the fallen electric torch had not
been good for it. Each time Willett's fingers felt a perforated slab
he trembled. His passage over it would sometimes increase the groaning
below, but generally it would produce no effect at all, since he moved
very noiselessly. Several times during his progress the glow ahead
diminished perceptibly, and he realized that the various candles and
lamps he had left must be expiring one by one. The thought of being
lost in utter darkness without matches amidst this underground world of
nightmare labyrinths impelled him to rise to his feet and run, which he
could safely do now that he had passed the open pit; for he knew that
once the light failed his only hope of rescue and survival would lie
in whatever relief party Mr. Ward might send after missing him for a
sufficient period.

Presently, however, he emerged from the open space into the narrower
corridor and definitely located the glow as coming from a door on his
right. In a moment he had reached it and was standing once more in
young Ward's secret library, trembling with relief, and watching the
sputterings of that last lamp which had brought him to safety.

       *       *       *       *       *

In another moment he was hastily filling the burned-out lamps from an
oil supply he had previously noticed, and when the room was bright
again he looked about to see if he might find a lantern for further
exploration. For racked though he was with horror, his sense of
grim purpose was still uppermost, and he was firmly determined to
leave no stone unturned in his search for the hideous facts behind
Charles Ward's bizarre madness. Failing to find a lantern, he chose
the smallest of the lamps to carry; also filling his pockets with
candles and matches, and taking with him a gallon can of oil, which
he proposed to keep for reserve use in whatever hidden laboratory he
might uncover beyond the terrible open space with its unclean altar and
nameless covered wells. To traverse that space again would require his
utmost fortitude, but he knew it must be done. Fortunately neither the
frightful altar nor the opened shaft was near the vast cell-indented
wall which bounded the cavern area, and whose black mysterious archways
would form the next goals of a logical search.

So Willett went back to that great pillared hall of stench and
anguished howling; turning down his lamp to avoid any distant glimpse
of the hellish altar, or of the uncovered pit with the pierced stone
slab beside it. Most of the black doorways led merely to small
chambers, some vacant and some evidently used as store rooms; and
in several of the latter he saw some very curious accumulations of
various objects. One was packed with rotting and dust-draped bales
of spare clothing, and the explorer thrilled when he saw that it was
unmistakably the clothing of a century and a half before. In another
room he found numerous odds and ends of modern clothing, as if gradual
provisions were being made to equip a large body of men. But what
he disliked most of all were the huge copper vats which occasionally
appeared; these, and the sinister incrustations upon them. He liked
them even less than the weirdly figured leaden bowls whose ruins
retained such obnoxious deposits and around which clung repellent odors
perceptible above even the general noisomeness of the crypt. When
he had completed about half the entire circuit of the wall he found
another corridor like that from which he had come, and out of which
many doors opened.

This he proceeded to investigate; and after entering three rooms of
medium size and of no significant contents, he came at last to a large
oblong apartment whose businesslike tanks and tables, furnaces and
modern instruments, occasional books and endless shelves of jars and
bottles proclaimed it indeed the long-sought laboratory of Charles
Ward--and no doubt of old Joseph Curwen before him.

After lighting the three lamps which he found filled and ready, Dr.
Willett examined the place and all its appurtenances with the keenest
interest; noting from the relative quantities of various reagents on
the shelves that young Ward's dominant concern must have been with some
branch of organic chemistry. On the whole, little could be learned from
the scientific ensemble, which included a gruesome-looking dissecting
table; so that the room was really rather a disappointment. Among the
books was a tattered old copy of Borellus in black-letter, and it was
weirdly interesting to note that Ward had underlined the same passage
whose marking had so perturbed good Mr. Merritt at Curwen's farmhouse
more than a century and a half before. That older copy, of course,
must have perished along with the rest of Curwen's occult library in
the final raid. Three archways opened off the laboratory, and these
the doctor proceeded to sample in turn. From his cursory survey he
saw that two led merely to small storerooms; but these he canvassed
with care, remarking the piles of coffins in various stages of damage
and shuddering violently at two or three of the few coffin-plates he
could decipher. There was much clothing also stored in these rooms,
and several new and tightly-nailed boxes which he did not stop to
investigate. Most interesting of all, perhaps, were some odd bits which
he judged to be fragments of old Joseph Curwen's laboratory appliances.
These had suffered damage at the hands of the raiders, but were still
partly recognizable as the chemical paraphernalia of the Georgian
period.

       *       *       *       *       *

The third archway led to a very sizeable chamber entirely lined with
shelves and having in the center a table bearing two lamps. These
lamps Willett lighted, and in their brilliant glow studied the endless
shelving which surrounded him. Some of the upper levels were wholly
vacant, but most of the space was filled with small odd-looking
leaden jars of two general types; one tall and without handles like a
Grecian lekythos or oil-jug, and the other with a single handle and
proportioned like a Phaleron jug. All had metal stoppers, and were
covered with peculiar-looking symbols moulded in low relief. In a
moment the doctor noticed that these jugs were classified with great
rigidity; all the lekythoi being on one side of the room with a large
wooden sign reading "Custodes" above them, and all the Phalerons on
the other, correspondingly labeled with a sign reading "Materia." Each
of the jars or jugs, except some on the upper shelves that turned out
to be vacant, bore a cardboard tag with a number apparently referring
to a catalogue; and Willett resolved to look for the latter presently.
For the moment, however, he was more interested in the nature of the
array as a whole; and experimentally opened several of the lekythoi
and Phalerons at random with a view to a rough generalization. The
result was invariable. Both types of jar contained a small quantity
of a single kind of substance; a fine dusty powder of very light
weight and of many shades of dull neutral color. To the colors which
formed the only point of variation there was no apparent method of
disposal; and no distinction between what occurred in the lekythoi and
what occurred in the Phalerons. A bluish-gray powder might be by the
side of a pinkish-white one, and any one in a Phaleron might have its
exact counterpart in a lekythos. The most individual feature about
the powders was their non-adhesiveness. Willett would pour one into
his hand, and upon returning it to its jug would find that no residue
whatever remained on his palm.

The meaning of the two signs puzzled him, and he wondered why this
battery of chemicals was separated so radically from those in glass
jars on the shelves of the laboratory proper. "Custodes," "Materia";
that was the Latin for "Guards" and "Material," respectively--and
then there came a flash of memory as to where he had seen that word
"Guards" before in connection with this dreadful mystery. It was, of
course, in the recent letter to Dr. Allen purporting to be from old
Edward Hutchinson; and the phrase had read: "There was no Neede to keep
the Guards in shape and eat'g off their Heades, and it made much to
be founde in Case of Trouble, as you too welle Knowe." What did this
signify? But wait--was there not still _another_ reference to "guards"
in this matter which he had failed wholly to recall when reading the
Hutchinson letter? Back in the old non-secretive days Ward had told him
of the Eleazar Smith diary recording the spying of Smith and Weeden
on the Curwen farm, and in that dreadful chronicle there had been
a mention of conversations overheard before the old wizard betook
himself wholly beneath the earth. There had been, Smith and Weeden
insisted, terrible colloquies wherein figured Curwen, certain captives
of his, _and the guards of those captives_. Those guards, according to
Hutchinson or his avatar, had "eaten their heads off," so that now Dr.
Allen did not keep them _in shape_. And if not _in shape_, how save
as the "salts" to which it appears this wizard band was engaged in
reducing as many human bodies or skeletons as they could?

So _that_ was what these lekythoi contained; the monstrous fruit of
unhallowed rites and deeds, presumably won or cowed to such submission
as to help when called up by some hellish incantation, in the defense
of their blasphemous master or the questioning of those who were not so
willing? Willett shuddered at the thought of what he had been pouring
in and out of his hands, and for a moment felt an impulse to flee in
panic from that cavern of hideous shelves with their silent and perhaps
watching sentinels. Then he thought of the "Materia"--in the myriad
Phaleron jugs on the other side of the room. Salts too--and if not the
salts of "guards," then the salts of what? God! Could it be possible
that here lay the mortal relics of half the titan thinkers of all the
ages; snatched by supreme ghouls from crypts where the world thought
them safe, and subject to the beck and call of madmen who sought to
drain their knowledge for some still wilder end whose ultimate effect
would concern, as poor Charles had hinted in his frantic note, "all
civilization, all natural law, perhaps even the fate of the solar
system and the universe?" And Marinus Bicknell Willett had sifted their
dust through his hands!

Then he noticed a small door at the farther end of the room, and calmed
himself enough to approach it and examine the crude sign chiseled
above. It was only a symbol, but it filled him with vague spiritual
dread; for a morbid, dreaming friend of his had once drawn it on paper
and told him a few of the things it means in the dark abyss of sleep.
It was the sign of Koth, that dreamers see fixed above the archway
of a certain black tower standing alone in twilight--and Willett did
not like what his friend Randolph Carter had said of its powers. But
a moment later he forgot the sign as he recognized a new acrid odor
in the stench-filled air. This was a chemical rather than animal
smell, and came clearly from the room beyond the door. And it was,
unmistakably, the same odor which had saturated Charles Ward's clothing
on the day the doctors had taken him away. So it was here that the
youth had been interrupted by the final summons? He was wiser than old
Joseph Curwen, for he had not resisted. Willett, boldly determined to
penetrate every wonder and nightmare this nether realm might contain,
seized the small lamp and crossed the threshold. A wave of nameless
fright rolled out to meet him, but he yielded to no whim and deferred
to no intuition. There was nothing alive here to harm him, and he would
not be stayed in his piercing of the eldritch cloud which engulfed his
patient.

       *       *       *       *       *

The room beyond the door was of medium size, and had no furniture
save a table, a single chair, and two groups of curious machines with
clamps and wheels which Willett recognized after a moment as medieval
instruments of torture. On one side of the door stood a rack of savage
whips, above which were some shelves bearing empty rows of shallow
pedestaled cups of lead shaped like Grecian kylikes. On the other side
was the table; with a powerful Argand lamp, a pad and pencil, and
two of the stoppered lekythoi from the shelves outside set down at
irregular places as if temporarily or in haste. Willett lighted the
lamp and looked carefully at the pad to see what notes young Ward
might have been jotting down when interrupted; but found nothing more
intelligible than the following disjointed fragments in that crabbed
Curwen chirography, which shed no light on the case as a whole:

"B. dy'd not. Escap'd into walls and founde Place below.

"Saw olde V. saye ye Sabaoth and learnt ye Way.

"Rais'd _Yog-Sothoth_ thrice and was ye nexte Day deliver'd.

"F. soughte to wipe out all know'g howe to raise Those from Outside."

As the strong Argand blaze lit up the entire chamber the doctor saw
that the wall opposite the door, between the two groups of torturing
appliances in the corners, was covered with pegs from which hung a set
of shapeless looking robes of a rather dismal yellowish-white. But
far more interesting were the two vacant walls, both of which were
thickly covered with mystic symbols and formulae roughly chiseled in
the smooth dressed stone. The damp floor also bore marks of carving;
and with but little difficulty Willett deciphered a huge pentagram in
the center, with a plain circle about three feet wide halfway between
this and each corner. In one of these four circles, near where a
yellowish robe had been flung carelessly down, there stood a shallow
kylix of the sort found on the shelves above the whip-rack; and just
outside the periphery was one of the Phaleron jugs from the shelves in
the other room, its tag numbered 118. This was unstoppered, and proved
upon inspection to be empty; but the explorer saw with a shiver that
the kylix was not. Within its shallow area, and saved from scattering
only by the absence of wind in this sequestered cavern, lay a small
amount of a dry, dull-greenish efflorescent powder which must have
belonged in the jug; and Willett almost reeled at the implications that
came sweeping over him as he correlated little by little the several
elements and antecedents of the scene. The whips and the instruments of
torture; the dust or salts from the jug of "Materia," the two lekythoi
from the "Custodes" shelf, the robes, the formulae on the walls, the
notes on the pad, the hints from letters and legends, and the thousand
glimpses, doubts, and suppositions which had come to torment the
friends and parents of Charles Ward--all these engulfed the doctor in a
tidal wave of horror as he looked at that dry greenish powder outspread
in the pedestalled leaden kylix on the floor.

With an effort, however, Willett pulled himself together and began
studying the formulae chiseled on the walls. From the stained and
incrusted letters it was obvious that they were carved in Joseph
Curwen's time, and their text was such as to be vaguely familiar to
one who had read much Curwen material or delved extensively into the
history of magic. One the doctor clearly recognized as what Mrs. Ward
heard her son chanting on that ominous Good Friday a year before,
and what an authority had told him was a very terrible invocation
addressed to secret gods outside the normal spheres. It was not
spelled here exactly as Mrs. Ward had set it down from memory, nor
yet as the authority had shewn it to him in the forbidden pages of
"Eliphas Levi"; but its identity was unmistakable, and such words as
_Sabaoth_, _Metraton_, _Almonsin_, and _Zariatnatmik_ sent a shudder
of fright through the searcher who had seen and felt so much of cosmic
abomination just around the corner.

This was on the left-hand wall as one entered the room. The right-hand
wall was no less thickly inscribed, and Willett felt a start of
recognition as he came upon the pair of formulae so frequently
occurring in the recent notes in the library. They were, roughly
speaking, the same; with the ancient symbols of "Dragon's Head" and
"Dragon's Tail" heading them as in Ward's scribblings. But the spelling
differed quite widely from that of the modern versions, as if old
Curwen had had a different way of recording sound, or as if later study
had evolved more powerful and perfected variants of the invocations in
question. The doctor tried to reconcile the chiseled version with the
one which still ran persistently in his head, and found it hard to do.
Where the script he had memorized began "_Y'ai 'Ng'ngah, Yog-Sothoth_,"
this epigraph started out as "_Aye, cngengah, Yogge-Sothotha_"; which
to his mind would seriously interfere with the syllabification of the
second word.

Ground as the later text was into his consciousness, the discrepancy
disturbed him; and he found himself chanting the first of the formulae
aloud in an effort to square the sound he conceived with the letters
he found carved. Weird and menacing in that abyss of antique blasphemy
rang his voice! its accents keyed to a droning sing-song either through
the spell of the past and the unknown, or through the hellish example
of that dull, godless wail from the pits whose inhuman cadences rose
and fell rhythmically in the distance through the stench and darkness.

    "Y'AI 'NG'NGAH
    _YOG-SOTHOTH_
    H'EE----L'GEB
    F'AI' THRODOG
    _UAAH_!"

       *       *       *       *       *

But what was this cold wind which had sprung into life at the very
outset of the chant? The lamps were sputtering woefully, and the
gloom grew so dense that the letters on the wall nearly faded from
sight. There was smoke, too, and an acrid odor which quite drowned out
the stench from the far-away wells; an odor like that he had smelt
before, yet infinitely stronger and more pungent. He turned from the
inscriptions to face the room with its bizarre contents, and saw
that the kylix on the floor, in which the ominous efflorescent powder
had lain, was giving forth a cloud of thick, greenish-black vapor of
surprising volume and opacity. That powder--Great God! it had come from
the shelf of "Materia"--what was it doing now, and what had started it?
The formula he had been chanting--the first of the pair--Dragon's Head,
_ascending node_--Blessed Saviour, could it be--

The doctor reeled, and through his head raced wildly disjointed scraps
from all he had seen, heard, and read of the frightful case of Joseph
Curwen and Charles Dexter Ward. "I say to you againe, doe not call up
Any that you cannot put downe.... Have ye Wordes for laying at all
times readie, and stopp not to be sure when there is any Doubte of
_Whom_ you have--Three Talkes with _What_ was therein inhum'd--" _Mercy
of Heaven, what is that shape behind the parting smoke?_

       *       *       *       *       *

Marinus Bicknell Willett has no hope that any part of his tale will
be believed except by certain sympathetic friends, hence has made
no attempt to tell it beyond his most intimate circle. Only a few
outsiders have ever heard it repeated, and of these the majority laugh
and remark that the doctor surely is getting old. He has been advised
to take a long vacation and to shun future cases dealing with mental
disturbance. But Mr. Ward knows that the veteran physician speaks only
a horrible truth. Did not he himself see the noisome aperture in the
bungalow cellar? Did not Willett send him home overcome and ill at
eleven o'clock that portentous morning? Did he not telephone the doctor
in vain that evening, and again the next day, and had he not driven
to the bungalow itself on that following noon, finding his friend
unconscious but unharmed on one of the beds upstairs? Willett had been
breathing stertorously, and opened his eyes slowly when Mr. Ward gave
him some brandy fetched from the car. Then he shuddered and screamed,
crying out, "_That beard--those eyes--God, who are you?_" A very
strange thing to say to a trim, blue-eyed, clean-shaven gentleman whom
he had known from the latter's boyhood.

In the bright noon sunlight the bungalow was unchanged since the
previous morning. Willett's clothing bore no disarrangement beyond
certain smudges and worn places at the knees, and only a faint acrid
odor reminded Mr. Ward of what he had smelt on his son that day he was
taken to the hospital. The doctor's flashlight was missing, but his
valise was safely there, as empty as when he had brought it. Before
indulging in any explanations, and obviously with great moral effort,
Willett staggered dizzily down to the cellar and tried the fateful
platform before the tubs. It was unyielding. Crossing to where he had
left his yet-unused tool satchel the day before, he obtained a chisel
and began to pry up the stubborn planks one by one. Underneath the
smooth concrete was still visible, but of any opening or perforation
there was no longer a trace. Nothing yawned this time to sicken the
mystified father who had followed the doctor downstairs; only the
smooth concrete underneath the planks--no noisome well, no world of
subterrene horrors, no secret library, no Curwen papers, no nightmare
pits of stench and howling, no laboratory or shelves or chiseled
formulae, no--Dr. Willett turned pale, and clutched at the younger man.
"Yesterday," he asked softly, "did you see it here--and smell it?" And
when Mr. Ward, himself transfixed with dread and wonder, found strength
to nod an affirmative, the physician gave a sound half a sigh and half
a gasp, and nodded in turn. "Then I will tell you," he said.

So for an hour, in the sunniest room they could find upstairs, the
physician whispered his frightful tale to the wondering father. There
was nothing to relate beyond the looming up of that form when the
greenish-black vapor from the kylix parted, and Willett was too tired
to ask himself what had really occurred. There were futile, bewildered
head-shakings from both men, and once Mr. Ward ventured a hushed
suggestion, "Do you suppose it would be of any use to dig?" The doctor
was silent, for it seemed hardly fitting for any human brain to answer
when powers of unknown spheres had so vitally encroached on this side
of the Great Abyss. Again Mr. Ward asked, "But where did it go? It
brought you here, you know, and it sealed up the hole somehow."

And Willett again let silence answer for him.

But after all, this was not the final phase of the matter. Reaching for
his handkerchief before rising to leave, Dr. Willett's fingers closed
upon a piece of paper in his pocket which had not been there before,
and which was companioned by the candles and matches he had seized in
the vanished vault. It was a common sheet, torn obviously from the
cheap pad in that fabulous room of horror somewhere underground, and
the writing upon it was that of an ordinary lead pencil--doubtless
the one which had lain beside the pad. It was folded very carelessly,
and beyond the faint acrid scent of the cryptic chamber bore no print
or mark of any world but this. But in the text itself it did indeed
reek with wonder; for here was no script of any wholesome age, but the
labored strokes of mediaeval darkness, scarcely legible to the laymen
who now strained over it, yet having combinations of symbols which
seemed vaguely familiar. The briefly scrawled message was this, and its
mystery lent purpose to the shaken pair, who forthwith walked steadily
out to the Ward car and gave orders to be driven first to a quiet
dining place and then to the John Hay Library on the hill.

       *       *       *       *       *

At the library it was easy to find good manuals of palaeography, and
over these the two men puzzled till the lights of evening shone out
from the great chandelier. In the end they found what was needed. The
letters were indeed no fantastic invention, but the normal script of
a very dark period. They were the pointed Saxon minuscules of the
eighth or ninth century A. D., and brought with them memories of an
uncouth time when under a fresh Christian veneer ancient faiths and
ancient rites stirred stealthily, and the pale moon of Britain looked
sometimes on strange deeds in the Roman ruins at Caerleon and Hexhaus,
and by the Towers along Hadrian's crumbling wall. The words were in
such Latin as a barbarous age might remember--"_Corvinus, necandus est.
Cadaver aq(ua) forti dissolvendum, nec aliq(ui)d retinendum. Tace ut
potes._"--which may roughly be translated, "Curwen must be killed. The
body must be dissolved in aqua fortis, nor must anything be retained.
Keep silence as best you are able."

Willett and Mr. Ward were mute and baffled. They had met the unknown,
and found that they lacked emotions to respond to it as they vaguely
believed they ought. With Willett, especially, the capacity for
receiving fresh impressions of awe was well-nigh exhausted; and both
men sat still and helpless till the closing of the library forced them
to leave. Then they drove listlessly to the Ward mansion in Prospect
Street, and talked to no purpose into the night. The doctor rested
toward morning, but did not go home. And he was still there Sunday
noon when a telephone message came from the detectives who had been
assigned to look up Dr. Allen.

Mr. Ward, who was pacing nervously about in a dressing-gown, answered
the call in person; and told the men to come up early the next day when
he heard their report was almost ready. Both Willett and he were glad
that this phase of the matter was taking form, for whatever the origin
of the strange minuscule message, it seemed certain that the "Curwen"
who must be destroyed could be no other than the bearded and spectacled
stranger. Charles had feared this man, and had said in the frantic note
that he must be killed and dissolved in acid. Allen, moreover, had been
receiving letters from the strange wizards in Europe under the name
of Curwen, and palpably regarded himself as an avatar of the bygone
necromancer. And now from a fresh and unknown source had come a message
saying that "Curwen" must be killed and dissolved in acid. The linkage
was too unmistakable to be factitious; and besides, was not Allen
planning to murder young Ward upon the advice of the creature called
Hutchinson? Of course, the letter they had seen had never reached
the bearded stranger; but from its text they could see that Allen
had already formed plans for dealing with the youth if he grew too
"squeamish." Without doubt, Allen must be apprehended; and even if the
most drastic directions were not carried out, he must be placed where
he could inflict no harm upon Charles Ward.

That afternoon, hoping against hope to extract some gleam of
information anent the inmost mysteries from the only available one
capable of giving it, the father and the doctor went down the bay and
called on young Charles at the hospital. Simply and gravely Willett
told him all he had found, and noticed how pale he turned as each
description made certain the truth of the discovery. The physician
employed as much dramatic effect as he could, and watched for a
wincing on Charles' part when he approached the matter of the covered
pits and the nameless hybrids within. But Ward did not wince. Willett
paused, and his voice grew indignant as he spoke of how the things were
starving. He taxed the youth with shocking inhumanity, and shivered
when only a sardonic laugh came in reply. For Charles, having dropped
as useless his pretense that the crypt did not exist, seemed to see
some ghastly jest in this affair; and chuckled hoarsely at something
which amused him. Then he whispered, in accents doubly terrible
because of the cracked voice he used, "Damn 'em, they _do_ eat, but
they _don't_ need to! That's the rare part! A month, you say, without
food? Lud, Sir, you be modest! D'ye know, that was the joke on poor old
Whipple with his virtuous bluster! Kill everything off, would he? Why,
damme, he was half-deaf with the noise from Outside and never saw or
heard aught from the wells. He never dreamed they were there at all!
Devil take ye, _those cursed things have been howling down there ever
since Curwen was done for a hundred and fifty-seven years gone_!"

But no more than this could Willett get from the youth. Horrified, yet
almost convinced against his will, he went on with his tale in the hope
that some incident might startle his auditor out of the mad composure
he maintained. Looking at the youth's face, the doctor could not but
feel a kind of terror at the changes which recent months had wrought.
Truly, the boy had drawn down nameless horrors from the skies. When the
room with the formulae and the greenish dust was mentioned, Charles
shewed his first sign of animation. A quizzical look overspread his
face as he heard what Willett had read on the pad, and he ventured
the mild statement that those notes were old ones, of no possible
significance to anyone not deeply initiated in the history of magic.
"But," he added, "had you but known the words to bring up that which I
had out in the cup, you had not been here to tell me this. 'Twas Number
118, and I conceive you would have shook had you looked it up in my
list in t'other room. 'Twas never raised by me, but I meant to have it
up that day you came to invite me hither."

Then Willett told of the formula he had spoken and of the
greenish-black smoke which had arisen; and as he did so he saw true
fear dawn for the first time on Charles Ward's face. "It _came_, and
you be here alive!" As Ward croaked the words his voice seemed almost
to burst free of its trammels and sink to cavernous abysses of uncanny
resonance. Willett, gifted with a flash of inspiration, believed he
saw the situation, and wove into his reply a caution from a letter he
remembered. "No. 118, you say? But don't forget that _stones are all
changed now in nine grounds out of ten. You are never sure till you
question!_" And then, without warning, he drew forth the minuscule
message and flashed it before the patient's eyes. He could have wished
no stronger result, for Charles Ward fainted forthwith.

       *       *       *       *       *

All this conversation, of course, had been conducted with the greatest
secrecy lest the resident alienists accuse the father and the physician
of encouraging a madman in his delusions. Unaided, too, Dr. Willett
and Mr. Ward picked up the stricken youth and placed him on the couch.
In reviving, the patient mumbled many times of some word which he must
get to Orne and Hutchinson at once; so when his consciousness seemed
fully back the doctor told him that of those strange creatures at
least one was his bitter enemy, and had given Dr. Allen advice for his
assassination. This revelation produced no visible effect, and before
it was made the visitors could see that their host had already the look
of a hunted man. After that he would converse no more, so Willett and
the father departed presently; leaving behind a caution against the
bearded Allen, to which the youth only replied that this individual
was very safely taken care of, and could do no one any harm even if he
wished.

This was said with an almost evil chuckle very painful to hear. They
did not worry about any communications Charles might write to that
monstrous pair in Europe, since they knew that the hospital authorities
seized all outgoing mail for censorship and would pass no wild or
outré-looking missive.

There is, however, a curious sequel to the matter of Orne and
Hutchinson, if such indeed the exiled wizards were. Moved by some vague
presentiment amidst the horrors of that period, Willett arranged with
an international press-cutting bureau for accounts of notable current
crimes and accidents in Prague and in eastern Transylvania; and after
six months believed that he had found two very significant things
amongst the multifarious items he received and had translated. One
was the total wrecking of a house by night in the oldest quarter of
Prague, and the disappearance of the evil old man called Josef Nadeh,
who had dwelt in it alone ever since anyone could remember. The other
was a titan explosion in the Transylvania mountains east of Rakus, and
the utter extirpation with all its inmates of the ill-regarded Castle
Ferenczy, whose master was so badly spoken of by peasants and soldiery
alike that he would shortly have been summoned to Bucharest for serious
questioning had not this incident cut off a career already so long as
to antedate all common memory. Willett maintains that the hand which
wrote those minuscules was able to wield stronger weapons as well; and
that while Curwen was left to him to dispose of, the writer felt able
to find and deal with Orne and Hutchinson itself. Of what their fate
may have been the doctor strives sedulously not to think.

       *       *       *       *       *

The following morning Dr. Willett hastened to the Ward home to
be present when the detectives arrived. Allen's destruction or
imprisonment--or Curwen's, if one might regard the tacit claim to
reincarnation as valid--he felt must be accomplished at any cost, and
he communicated this conviction to Mr. Ward as they sat waiting for the
men to come. They were downstairs this time, for the upper parts of the
house were beginning to be shunned because of a peculiar nauseousness
which hung indefinitely about; a nauseousness which the older servants
connected with some curse left by the vanished Curwen portrait.

At nine o'clock the three detectives presented themselves and
immediately delivered all that they had to say. They had not,
regrettably enough, located the Brava Tony Gomes as they had wished,
nor had they found the least trace of Dr. Allen's source or present
whereabouts; but they had managed to unearth a considerable number of
local impressions and facts concerning the reticent stranger. Allen
had struck Pawtuxet people as a vaguely unnatural being and there was
an universal belief that his thick Vandyke beard was either dyed or
false--a belief conclusively upheld by the finding of such a false
beard, together with a heavy pair of dark glasses, in his room at the
fateful bungalow. His voice, Mr. Ward could well testify from his one
telephone conversation, had a depth and hollowness that could not be
forgotten; and his glance seemed malign even through his smoked and
horn-rimmed glasses. One shopkeeper, in the course of negotiations, had
seen a specimen of his handwriting and declared it was very queer and
crabbed; this being confirmed by penciled notes of no clear meaning
found in his room and identified by the merchant.

In connection with the vampirism ructions of the preceding summer, a
majority of the gossips believed that Allen rather than Ward was the
actual vampire. Statements were also obtained from the officials who
had visited the bungalow after the unpleasant incident of the motor
truck robbery. They had felt less of the sinister in Dr. Allen, but had
recognized him as the dominant figure in the queer shadowy cottage. The
place had been too dark for them to observe him clearly, but they would
know him again if they saw him. His beard had looked odd, and they
thought he had some slight scar above his dark spectacled right eye. As
for the search of Allen's room, it yielded nothing definite save the
beard and glasses, and several penciled notes in a crabbed writing,
which Willett at once saw was identical with that shared by the old
Curwen manuscripts and by the voluminous recent notes of young Ward
found in the vanished catacombs of horror.

Dr. Willett and Mr. Ward caught something of a profound, subtle, and
insidious cosmic fear from this data as it was gradually unfolded,
and almost trembled in following up the vague, mad thought which had
simultaneously reached their minds. The false beard and glasses, the
crabbed Curwen penmanship--the old portrait and its tiny scar--_and
the altered youth in the hospital with such a scar_--that deep, hollow
voice on the telephone--was it not of this that Mr. Ward was reminded
when his son barked forth those pitiable tones to which he now claimed
to be reduced? Who had ever seen Charles and Allen together? Yes, some
officials had once, but who later on? Was it not when Allen left that
Charles suddenly lost his growing fright and began to live wholly at
the bungalow? Curwen--Allen--Ward--in what blasphemous and abominable
fusion had two ages and two persons become involved? That damnable
resemblance of the picture to Charles--had it not used to stare and
stare, and follow the boy around the room with its eyes? Why, too, did
both Allen and Charles copy Joseph Curwen's handwriting, even when
alone and off guard? And then the frightful work of those people--the
lost crypt of horrors that had aged the doctor overnight; the starved
monsters in the noisome pits; the awful formula which had yielded such
nameless results; the message in minuscules found in Willett's pocket;
the papers and the letters and all the talk of graves and "salts" and
discoveries--whither did everything lead? In the end Mr. Ward did the
most sensible thing. Steeling himself against any realization of why he
did it, he gave the detectives an article to be shewn to such Pawtuxet
shopkeepers as had seen the portentous Dr. Allen. That article was a
photograph of his luckless son, on which he now carefully drew in ink
the pair of heavy glasses and the black pointed beard, which the men
had brought from Allen's room.

For two hours he waited with the doctor in the oppressive house where
fear and miasma were slowly gathering as the empty panel in the
upstairs library leered and leered and leered. Then the men returned.
Yes, _the altered photograph was a very passable likeness of Dr.
Allen_. Mr. Ward turned pale, and Willett wiped a suddenly dampened
brow with his handkerchief. Allen--Ward--Curwen--it was becoming too
hideous for coherent thought. What had the boy called out of the void,
and what had it done to him? What really had happened from first to
last? Who was this Allen who sought to kill Charles as too "squeamish,"
and why had his destined victim said in the postscript to that frantic
letter that he must be so completely obliterated in acid? Why, too,
had the minuscule message, of whose origin no one dared think, said
that "Curwen" must be likewise obliterated? What was the _change_,
and when had the final stage occurred? That day when his frantic note
was received--he had been nervous all the morning, then there was an
alteration. He had slipped out unseen and swaggered boldly in past the
men hired to guard him. That was the time, when he was out. But no--had
he not cried out in terror as he entered his study--this very room?
What had he found there? Or wait--_what had found him?_ That simulacrum
which brushed boldly in without having been seen to go--was that an
alien shadow and a horror forcing itself upon a trembling figure which
had never gone out at all? Had not the butler spoken of queer noises?

       *       *       *       *       *

Willett rang for the man and asked him some low-toned questions. It
had, surely enough, been a bad business. There had been noises--a cry,
a gasp, a choking, and a sort of clattering or creaking or thumping,
or all of these. And Mr. Charles was not the same when he stalked out
without a word. The butler shivered as he spoke, and sniffed at the
heavy air that blew down from some open window upstairs. Terror had
settled definitely upon the house, and only the businesslike detectives
failed to imbibe a full measure of it. Even they were restless, for
this case had held vague elements in the background which pleased
them not at all. Dr. Willett was thinking deeply and rapidly, and his
thoughts were terrible ones. Now and then he would almost break into
muttering as he ran over in his head a new, appalling, and increasingly
conclusive chain of nightmare happenings.

Then Mr. Ward made a sign that the conference was over, and everyone
save him and the doctor left the room. It was noon now, but shadows as
of coming night seemed to engulf the phantom-haunted mansion. Willett
began talking very seriously to his host, and urged that he leave a
great deal of the future investigation to him. There would be, he
predicted, certain obnoxious elements which a friend could bear better
than a relative. As family physician he must have a free hand, and
the first thing he required was a period alone and undisturbed in the
abandoned library upstairs, where the ancient overmantel had gathered
about itself an aura of noisome horror more intense than when Joseph
Curwen's features themselves glanced slyly down from the painted panel.

Mr. Ward, dazed by the flood of grotesque morbidities and unthinkably
maddening suggestions that poured in upon him from every side, could
only acquiesce; and half an hour later the doctor was locked in the
shunned room with the paneling from Olney Court. The father, listening
outside, heard fumbling sounds of moving and rummaging as the moments
passed; and finally a wrench and a creak, as if a tight cupboard door
were being opened. Then there was a muffled cry, a kind of snorting
choke, and a hasty slamming of whatever had been opened. Almost at
once the key rattled and Willett appeared in the hall, haggard and
ghastly, and demanding wood for the real fireplace on the south wall
of the room. The furnace was not enough, he said; and the electric log
had little practical use. Longing yet not daring to ask questions,
Mr. Ward gave the requisite orders and a man brought some stout pine
logs, shuddering as he entered the tainted air of the library to place
them in the grate. Willett meanwhile had gone up to the dismantled
laboratory and brought down a few odds and ends not included in the
moving of the July before. They were in a covered basket, and Mr. Ward
never saw what they were.

Then the doctor locked himself up in the library once more, and by the
clouds of smoke which rolled down past the windows from the chimney it
was known that he had lighted the fire. Later, after a great rustling
of newspapers, that odd wrench and creaking were heard again; followed
by a thumping which none of the eavesdroppers liked. Thereafter two
suppressed cries of Willett's were heard, and hard upon these came a
swishing rustle of indefinable hatefulness. Finally the smoke that the
wind beat down from the chimney grew very dark and acrid, and everyone
wished that the weather had spared them this choking and venomous
inundation of peculiar fumes. Mr. Ward's head reeled, and the servants
all clustered together in a knot to watch the horrible black smoke
swoop down. After an age of waiting the vapors seemed to lighten, and
half-formless sounds of scraping, sweeping, and other minor operations
were heard behind the bolted door. And at last, after the slamming
of some cupboard within, Willett made his appearance, sad, pale and
haggard, and bearing the cloth-draped basket he had taken from the
upstairs laboratory. He had left the window open, and into that once
accursed room was pouring a wealth of pure, wholesome air to mix with
a queer new smell of disinfectants. The ancient overmantel still
lingered; but it seemed robbed of malignity now, and rose as calm and
stately in its white paneling as if it had never borne the picture of
Joseph Curwen. Night was coming on, yet this time its shadows held
no latent fright, but only a gentle melancholy. Of what he had done
the doctor would never speak. To Mr. Ward he said, "I can answer no
questions, but I will say that there are different kinds of magic. I
have made a great purgation. Those in this house will sleep the better
for it."

       *       *       *       *       *

That Dr. Willett's "purgation" had been an ordeal almost as
nerve-racking in its way as his hideous wandering in the vanished crypt
is shewn by the fact that the elderly physician gave out completely
as soon as he reached home that evening. For three days he rested
constantly in his room, though servants later muttered something
about having heard him after midnight on Wednesday, when the outer
door softly opened, and closed with phenomenal softness. Servants'
imaginations, fortunately, are limited, else comment might have been
excited by an item in Thursday's _Evening Bulletin_ which ran as
follows:

                     North End Ghouls Again Active

    After a lull of ten months since the dastardly vandalism in the
    Weeden lot at the North Burial Ground, a nocturnal prowler was
    glimpsed early this morning in the same cemetery by Robert Hart,
    the night watchman. Happening to glance for a moment from his
    shelter at about two a.m., Hart observed a glow of a lantern or
    pocket torch not far to the northward, and upon opening the door
    detected the figure of a man with a trowel very plainly silhouetted
    against a nearby electric light. At once starting in pursuit, he
    saw the figure dart hurriedly toward the main entrance, gaining
    the street and losing himself among the shadows before approach or
    capture was possible.

    Like the first of the ghouls active during the past year, this
    intruder had done no real damage before detection. A vacant part
    of the Ward lot shewed signs of a little superficial digging, but
    nothing even nearly the size of a grave had been attempted, and no
    previous grave had been disturbed.

    Hart, who cannot describe the prowler except as a small man
    probably having a full beard, inclines to the view that all three
    of the digging incidents have a common source; but police from the
    Second Station think otherwise on account of the savage nature of
    the second incident, where an ancient coffin was removed and its
    headstone violently shattered.

    The first of the incidents, in which it is thought an attempt to
    bury something was frustrated, occurred a year ago last March, and
    has been attributed to bootleggers seeking a cache. It is possible,
    says Sergeant Riley, that this third affair is of similar nature.
    Officers at the Second Station are taking especial pains to capture
    the gang of miscreants responsible for these repeated outrages.

All day Thursday Dr. Willett rested as if recuperating from something
past or nerving himself for something to come. In the evening he wrote
a note to Mr. Ward, which was delivered the next morning and which
caused the half-dazed parent to ponder long and deeply. Mr. Ward
had not been able to go down to business since the shock of Monday
with its baffling reports and its sinister "purgation," but he found
something calming about the doctor's letter in spite of the despair it
seemed to promise and the fresh mysteries it seemed to evoke.

                                                         10 Barnes St.,
                                                     Providence, R. I.,
                                                        April 12, 1928.

    Dear Theodore:

    I feel that I must say a word to you before doing what I am going
    to do tomorrow. It will conclude the terrible business we have been
    going through (for I feel that no spade is ever likely to reach
    that monstrous place we know of), but I'm afraid it won't set your
    mind at rest unless I expressly assure you how very conclusive it
    is.

    You have known me ever since you were a small boy, so I think you
    will not distrust me when I hint that some matters are best left
    undecided and unexplored. It is better that you attempt no further
    speculation as to Charles's case, and almost imperative that you
    tell his mother nothing more than she already suspects. When I call
    on you tomorrow Charles will have escaped. That is all which need
    remain in anyone's mind. He was mad, and he escaped.

    So don't ask me any questions when I call. It may be that something
    will go wrong, but I'll tell you if it does. I don't think it will.
    There will be nothing more to worry about, for Charles will be
    very, very safe. He is now--safer than you dream. You need hold
    no fears about Allen, and who or what he is. He forms as much a
    part of the past as Joseph Curwen's picture, and when I ring your
    doorbell you may feel certain that there is no such person. And
    what wrote that minuscule message will never trouble you or yours.

    But you must steel yourself to melancholy, and prepare your wife to
    do the same. I must tell you frankly that Charles's escape will not
    mean his restoration to you. He has been afflicted with a peculiar
    disease, as you must realize from the subtle physical as well as
    mental changes in him, and you must not hope to see him again. He
    stumbled on things no mortal ought ever to know, and reached back
    through the years as no one ever should reach; and something came
    out of those years to engulf him.

    And now comes the matter in which I must ask you to trust me most
    of all. For there will be, indeed, no uncertainty about Charles's
    fate. In about a year, say, you can if you wish devise a suitable
    account of the end, for the boy will be no more. You can put up a
    stone in your lot at the North Burial ground exactly ten feet west
    of your father's and facing the same way, and that will mark the
    true resting-place of your son. Nor need you fear that it will
    mark any abnormality or changeling. The ashes in that grave will
    be those of your own unaltered bone and sinew--of the real Charles
    Dexter Ward whose mind you watched from infancy--the real Charles
    with the olive-mark on his hip and without the black witch-mark
    on his chest or the pit on his forehead. The Charles who never
    did actual evil, and who will have paid with his life for his
    "squeamishness."

    That is all. Charles will have escaped, and a year from now you can
    put up his stone. Do not question me tomorrow. And believe that the
    honour of your ancient family remains untainted now, as it has been
    at all times in the past.

    With profoundest sympathy, and exhortations to fortitude, calmness,
    and resignation, I am ever

                                                 Sincerely your friend,
                                                    Marinus B. Willett.

So on the morning of Friday, April 13, 1928, Marinus Bicknell Willett
visited the room of Charles Dexter Ward at Dr. Waite's private
hospital on Conanicut Island. After the interchange of a few strained
formalities, a new element of constraint crept in, as Ward seemed to
read behind the doctor's masklike face a terrible purpose which had
never been there before.

Ward actually turned pale, and the doctor was the first to speak.
"More," he said, "has been found out, and I must warn you fairly that a
reckoning is due."

"Digging again, and coming upon more poor starving pets?" was the
ironic reply. It was evident that the youth meant to shew bravado to
the last.

"No," Willett slowly rejoined, "this time I did not have to dig. We
have had men looking up Dr. Allen, and they found the false beard and
spectacles in the bungalow!"

"Excellent," commented the disquieted host in an effort to be wittily
insulting, "and I trust they proved more becoming than the beard and
glasses you now have on!"

"They would become you very well," came the even and studied response,
"_as indeed they seem to have done_."

As Willett said this, it almost seemed as though a cloud passed over
the sun; though there was no change in the shadows on the floor. Then
Ward ventured:

"And is this what asks so hotly for a reckoning? Suppose a man does
find it now and then useful to be twofold?"

"No," said Willett gravely, "again you are wrong. It is no business of
mine if any man seeks duality; _provided he has any right to exist at
all, and provided he does not destroy what called him out of space_."

Ward now started violently. "Well, Sir, what _have_ ye found, and what
d'ye want with me?"

The doctor let a little time elapse before replying, as if choosing his
words for an effective answer.

"I have found," he finally intoned, "something in a cupboard behind an
ancient overmantel where a picture once was, and I have burned it and
buried the ashes where the grave of Charles Dexter Ward ought to be."

The madman choked and sprang from the chair in which he had been
sitting:

"Damn ye, who did ye tell--and who'll believe it was he after these
full two months, with me alive? What d'ye mean to do?"

Willett, though a small man, actually took on a kind of judicial
majesty as he calmed the patient with a gesture.

"I have told no one. This is no common case--it is a madness out of
time and a horror from beyond the spheres which no police or lawyers
or courts or alienists could ever fathom or grapple with. _You cannot
deceive me, Joseph Curwen, for I know that your accursed magic is true!_

"I know how you wove the spell that brooded outside the years and
fastened on your double and descendant; I know how you drew him into
the past and got him to raise you up from your detestable grave; I
know how he kept you hidden in his laboratory while you studied modern
things and roved abroad as a vampire by night, and how you later
shewed yourself in beard and glasses that no one might wonder at your
godless likeness to him; I know what you resolved to do when he balked
at your monstrous rifling of the world's tombs, _and at what you
planned afterward_, and I know how you did it.

"You left off your beard and glasses and fooled the guards around
the house. They thought it was he who went in, and they thought it
was he who came out when you had strangled and hidden him. But you
hadn't reckoned on the different contacts of two minds. You were a
fool, Curwen, to fancy that a mere visual identity would be enough.
Why didn't you think of the speech and the voice and the handwriting?
It hasn't worked, you see, after all. You know better than I who or
what wrote that message in minuscules, but I will warn you it was not
written in vain. There are abominations and blasphemies which must be
stamped out, and I believe that the writer of those words will attend
to Orne and Hutchinson. One of those creatures wrote you once, 'do not
call up any that you cannot put down.' Curwen, a man can't tamper with
Nature beyond certain limits, and every horror you have woven will rise
up to wipe you out."

       *       *       *       *       *

But here the doctor was cut short by a convulsive cry from the creature
before him. Hopelessly at bay, weaponless, and knowing that any show
of physical violence would bring a score of attendants to the doctor's
rescue, Joseph Curwen had recourse to his one ancient ally, and began a
series of cabalistic motions with his forefingers as his deep, hollow
voice, now unconcealed by feigned hoarseness, bellowed out the opening
words of a terrible formula.

"PER ADONAI ELOIM, ADONAI JEHOVA, ADONAI SABAOTH, METRATON...."

But Willett was too quick for him. Even as the dogs in the yard outside
began to howl, and even as a chill wind sprang suddenly up from the
bay, the doctor commenced the solemn and measured intonation of that
which he had meant all along to recite. An eye for an eye--magic for
magic--let the outcome shew how well the lesson of the abyss had
been learned! So in a clear voice Marinus Bicknell Willett began the
_second_ of that pair of formulae whose first had raised the writer of
those minuscules--the cryptic invocation whose heading was the Dragon's
Tail, sign of the _descending_ node--

    "OGTHROD AI'F
    GEB'L----EE''H
    _YOG-SOTHOTH_
    'NGAH'NG AI'Y
    _ZHRO_!"

At the very first word from Willett's mouth the previously commenced
formula of the patient stopped short. Unable to speak, the monster
made wild motions with his arms until they too were arrested. When the
awful name of _Yog-Sothoth_ was uttered, the hideous change began.
It was not merely a _dissolution_, but rather a _transformation_ or
_recapitulation_; and Willett shut his eyes lest he faint before the
rest of the incantation could be pronounced.

But he did not faint, and that man of unholy centuries and forbidden
secrets never troubled the world again. The madness out of time had
subsided, and the case of Charles Dexter Ward was closed. Opening his
eyes before staggering out of that room of horror, Dr. Willett saw that
what he had kept in memory had not been kept amiss. There had, as he
had predicted, been no need for acids. For like his accursed picture
a year before, Joseph Curwen now lay scattered on the floor as a thin
coating of fine bluish-gray dust.





*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE CASE OF CHARLES DEXTER WARD ***


    

Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.


START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™
electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
    of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online
    at www.gutenberg.org. If you
    are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
  
1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

    • You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
        to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
        within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
        legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
        Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
        Literary Archive Foundation.”
    
    • You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
        does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
        License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
        works.
    
    • You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
        receipt of the work.
    
    • You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
    

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org.

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.


The Project Gutenberg eBook of By order of Buck Brady
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: By order of Buck Brady

Author: W. C. Tuttle

Release date: May 7, 2024 [eBook #73555]

Language: English

Original publication: New York: The Butterick Publishing Company, 1928

Credits: Roger Frank and Sue Clark


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK BY ORDER OF BUCK BRADY ***


                               W. C. TUTTLE
        tells of a whittling sheriff and the feud of Mojave Wells

                          BY ORDER OF BUCK BRADY


Buck Brady was always whittling. Thin shavings were an obsession with
Buck. He would sit for hours, tilted back in a broken chair against the
shady side of his little office, knees almost touching his chin, his long,
thin face serious over the task of reducing a piece of soft pine to thin
shavings.

Buck was the sheriff of Mojave Wells, and Mojave Wells was a heat and sand
scoured, false fronted town in Road Runner Valley. The town was invisible
from a distance, because even the painted signs on the business houses had
been sand blasted until they were unreadable.

It was the end of the roundup in Road Runner Valley, and Buck knew that
before night the town would be filled with thirsty cowboys, whose overall
pockets were lined with money, and that when whisky met cowboy there might
be plenty of work for the sheriff.

The first to arrive was Ben Dolan, a thin faced, gaunt sort of cowboy,
astride a weary looking roan. Instead of heading for a saloon, Ben
dismounted in front of the sheriff’s office, dropped his reins in the dirt
and sat down beside the sheriff.

“Hyah, Buck.”

“Purty good,” drawled Buck squinting at his handiwork. “Whatcha know,
Ben?”

“Not much.”

“In kinda early, ain’t you?”

“Yeah.”

Ben made a few marks in the sand with a lean forefinger.

“Had a reason t’ come in early, Buck. Some of the boys said it wouldn’t do
no good, but I thought I’d tell you how it was. ’Long about an hour from
now Bud Hickman will ride in. He’ll have his gang with him and they’ll
imbibe real freely. Mebbe ’long about that same time Pete Asher’ll ride in
with his gang. They’ll also imbibe freely, and some of ’em will likely get
kinda drunk. The boys are all thirsty, you know. I expect it’ll be kinda
wooly around here t’night, Buck.”

“Uh-huh.”

Buck cut a particularly long shaving, looked at it critically and nodded
with satisfaction.

“You shore rode in early to explain all this to me,” he said. “If you’re
all through, you might tell me the rest.”

“It’s thisaway,” explained Ben seriously. “You know what a feud is, Buck?”

“Yea-a-ah.”

“Well, that’s what she amounts to right now. And it’s all over a danged
girl!”

“I’m glad there’s a reason, Ben. Mostly allus them feuds starts over
nothin’. Go ahead and tell me the details.”

“Rosie Smith.”

“Huh?”

“That’s what I said. You know how Bud and Pete kinda shined around her a
month ago. I don’t guess she knowed which one to pick. Of course, Bud
thinks it’s him, and Pete thinks it’s him. And there you are. It’s been
kinda achin’ both of ’em, I reckon. Anyway, Chuck Lester makes a remark
the other night that he supposed Bud wouldn’t be with us in Mojave Wells
at the finish of the roundup, ’cause he’d stop along a picket fence before
he reached the main street, and head straight through the gate.

“Pete was there, and I reckon it hit him in a sore spot, cause he chips in
with a remark, which didn’t set well with Bud. There wasn’t much said, but
it took all of us to take their guns away. We didn’t want no killin’ in
camp. Bud was reasonable. He says to Pete, ‘We’ll settle this in Mojave
Wells.’”

“Pete was agreeable. He says, ‘That suits me. We’ll make a truce until
sundown, both agreein’ to keep away from her. When that sun goes down, all
truce is off, and we shoot on sight.’”

                *       *       *       *       *

Buck sliced another shaving, laid the stick aside and began whetting the
blade on the counter of his left boot.

“And one of them damn’ fools is goin’ to get killed,” added Ben.

“It’s kinda hard to git straight grain stuff these days,” said the sheriff
seriously. “I ’member when I was runnin’ a tradin’ post down Yuma way, I
used to git the best danged boxwood for whittlin’. I don’t suppose it runs
so good these days.”

“Ben and Pete are both friends of yours,” said Ben thoughtfully.

“Uh-huh. I like ’em both.”

“A killin’ might start trouble. The boys has kinda took sides.”

“I s’pose.”

“Bud and Pete are both good shots.”

“Yea-a-ah--purty good shots. Awful damn’ fools in lotsa ways, but good
shots. Uh-hu-u-uh. Well, I’ve got to write me some signs, Ben. It’s two
hours till sundown.”

“I thought you’d like to know about it, Sheriff.”

“Yeah, I do. Thank you kindly.”

“You’re welcome.”

Ben took his horse and headed for a saloon, while more cowboys came racing
in, their horses covered with lather and dust. The sheriff watched the
first contingent arrive. It was Bud Hickman and his gang from the Tumbling
K. Bud was a likable looking cowboy, about twenty-five years of age, tall,
lithe, swarthy as an Indian, with curling black hair and a white toothed
smile. His crew was a wild riding lot of hard bitted punchers, ready for
fun or fight at a moment’s notice.

They noted that Pete Asher and the J88 boys had not arrived yet; so they
all headed for the Desert Well Saloon, the biggest place of its kind in
Mojave Wells. The sheriff stood on the edge of the sidewalk for a while,
cogitating deeply. He had been sheriff of that particular county for
nearly two terms, which meant that Buck Brady was pretty much of a man.
Finally he went into his little office, and after a search he found an old
paint brush and a few ounces of almost dried paint in a battered can. He
kicked the ends out of a soap box, drew out the nails and sat down at his
desk.

Pete Asher and his crew rode in from the J88, tied their horses farther up
the street and entered the Prospect Saloon. Asher was a heavily built,
hard faced cowboy, about the same age as Bud Hickman. His hair was almost
a neutral shade, his eyes deep set and blue. There was little to choose
between his gang and the one which came in with Bud Hickman, and in
numbers they were about equal.

There were more outfits to come, but they were not connected with the
feud. Rud and his men were at the bar when the sheriff came in, and they
greeted him noisily. He was carrying a box end and a hammer, and without
any leave from the proprietor he proceeded to nail his sign to one of the
walls. It read:

                          FROM NOW ON EVERY MAN
                          MUST TURN HIS GUN OVER
                         TO MY OFFICE UNTIL HE IS
                           READY TO LEAVE TOWN.
                               BY ORDER OF
                              --BUCK BRADY.

                *       *       *       *       *

Some of the men laughed: some swore. Bud Hickman strode over to the
sheriff and glared at him belligerently.

“You tryin’ to kid somebody, Buck?” he asked.

The sheriff looked steadily at Bud for several moments.

“I ain’t in the habit of kiddin’ anybody, am I?”

Bud flushed quickly, but he recognized the fact that Buck Brady would back
up his sign. That was why Buck was their sheriff.

“Kinda sudden, ain’tcha?” asked Bud.

“No-o-o. I’ve been thinkin’ this out quite a while, Bud.”

“Is this the idea?” queried Bud. “We all turn our guns over to you, and
you turn ’em back when we’re ready to leave town?”

“That’s what the sign says, Bud; and I wrote the sign.”

Bud laughed and turned to his men.

“It’s all right, boys. Shuck your guns. I reckon we can stand it, if the
others can.” And then to the sheriff, “You might have a little trouble
with Pete and his gang.”

“I hope they’ll be reasonable.”

The men put their guns on a poker table, and the sheriff picked them up,
putting some in his pockets, some inside the waistband of his overalls.

“You’ll have to remember your own guns, boys,” he said.

“I reckon I can spot mine,” said Bud. “I made them handles.”

                *       *       *       *       *

The sheriff thanked them kindly and went back to his office, where he
locked the guns in his desk. Then he went over to the Prospect Saloon,
where he nailed up his other notice. Asher and his men didn’t take so
kindly to the idea. Some of them were openly belligerent, and it seemed
for a few moments that the sheriff had a tough job, but Asher took the
matter out of their hands.

“I suppose this thing only applies to me and my men, eh?”

“You’re supposin’ wrong, Pete; I’ve already collected from the Tumblin’
K.”

“You’ve collected from Bud Hickman?”

“Why not?”

“Oh, I jist wondered. But suppose we don’t give you our guns?”

The sheriff considered Pete calmly. Then:

“I’ve allus liked you, Asher. You’ve been a damn’ fool in lotsa ways, but
you’re jist human like the rest of us. I’ve posted my notice, and I wrote
it myself.”

“But jist suppose we refuse to give up our guns?”

“That,” said the sheriff calmly, “would be jist too damn’ bad.”

“Oh--” softly--“and if I should happen to want to leave town, you’d give
me back my gun?”

“Jist like the sign says, Pete.”

“All right; here’s mine. Take ’em off, boys. We don’t need ’em--now.”

The sheriff looked over the guns as he deposited them about his person; he
walked out, swinging the hammer in his hand.

“Don’t that beat hell?” laughed Pete.

“I’ll betcha somebody told him somethin’,” said a cowboy.

“I don’t like the idea of a moth eaten old sidewinder takin’ my gun away,”
complained a cowboy who was new to the country. “We’d ’a’ had some fun, if
we’d refused.”

“You’ve got a sweet idea of fun,” growled Pete. “That moth eaten old
sidewinder is jist thirty-two years old, and if we hadn’t turned them guns
over to him he’d jist about ruined the whole gang of us with his pet
Winchester. When you see ‘By order of Buck Brady,’ you better read the
upper part of it and act accordingly.”

                *       *       *       *       *

All the cowboys went back to their drinking, and the sheriff was
forgotten, but both Bud and Pete kept track of the sun. The sheriff,
humped in his chair, still whittling, saw Pete come out, saunter to the
hitching rack, where he could view the sun. It was still an hour high.

Ben Dolan, fairly well filled with liquor, came over again and squatted on
his heels beside the sheriff. Ben was as hard bitted as the rest of the
cowboys, but he liked both Bud and Pete so well that he hated to see
either of them wounded or killed. And Ben was wise enough to understand
that both men would claim their guns at sundown.

They saw Bud leave the Desert Well Saloon, walk halfway across the street,
as if heading for a store, stop and look toward the west. He too was
keeping cases on the sun. Then he turned and went back to the saloon. Ben
made meaningless marks in the sand with a forefinger, while the sheriff
whittled thoughtfully.

“You shore collected a lot of guns, Sheriff.”

“Yea-a-ah.”

“Almost sundown.”

The sheriff shut one eye and considered Ben. Then he looked toward both
saloons, and went on whittling.

“The boys are gettin’ nervous,” said Ben.

“I notice.”

Several cowboys were standing in front of the Prospect Saloon now, and one
of them essayed a clog dance. His boots sounded loud on the old wooden
sidewalk. Another beat time on a porch post with the end of a quirt. It
was like the beating of a tomtom, and he kept it up for a time after the
dancer had stopped. The beater was swarthy, with high cheek bones.

Some of Bud’s gang came from the Desert Well and stood around in front of
the building. One of them, a little drunker than the rest, started across
the street toward the sheriff’s office, but the others stopped him and,
after an argument, persuaded him to desist.

“It’s kinda sultry,” said Ben, rubbing his forehead.

The sheriff nodded and looked at the sun, only half of which was visible
now. He blinked from the strong light and cut several shavings, which did
not suit him at all. A couple of dogs met in the middle of the street;
town dogs, fat and with a friendship of long standing. But now they
growled ominously at each other, as they circled, looking for an opening.

“Sic ’em!” hissed a cowboy from in front of the Desert Well.

“Take him, Tige! Shake his fleas loose. Four bits on the yaller one.”

“You’ve done made a bet, cowboy. Choose him, Ponto.”

But the dogs only circled and growled, and finally separated.

“Mebbe they’re waitin’ for the sun to go down,” whispered Ben.

The sheriff shook his head.

“Got more sense than men have.”

                *       *       *       *       *

The sun was down. Only the tip was visible, and the crests of the broken
hills showed a golden highlight. It was very still in Mojave Wells. The
shadows were gone now and the street glowed with a yellow light, which
would not last long. Twilight was unknown in Mojave Wells. Sundown, a
streak of gold, would quickly fade to blue, and then darkness.

Bud Hickman came from the Desert Well and went straight to the hitch rack,
where he untied his horse and swung into the saddle. Simultaneously with
Bud’s move, Pete Asher came riding from the rack beside the Prospect. It
was not a casual move. They intended to deceive nobody, not even the
sheriff of Mojave Wells. The cowboys of both outfits were in the street,
watching intently.

Bud came straight to the sheriff, and fifty feet behind him was Pete.
Bud’s face was grim, his mouth set in a thin line.

“I’m pullin’ out, Buck,” he said softly. “Would you mind handin’ me my
gun?”

The sheriff stopped whittling, tilted forward in his chair and got slowly
to his feet. He looked closely at Bud, but said nothing, as he turned and
went into the office. Pete moved in closer, but he and Bud ignored each
other. Ben sighed and leaned against the wall.

The sheriff came out, carrying a gun in each hand. For several moments he
looked at the two men rather sorrowfully.

“I reckon you’re pullin’ out, too, ain’tcha, Pete?”

Pete nodded quickly and held out his hand for the gun. They had been
friends, these two, until a woman had come between them. Bud holstered his
gun, swung his horse around and rode slowly down the street, looking
straight ahead. Pete accepted his gun, glanced at it to see that it was
fully loaded, snapped it down in his holster and swung his horse around,
riding back to the center of the street.

Ben swore softly under his breath. Both of these men were good revolver
shots.

“Goin’ to be a funeral around here--mebbe two,” he muttered. “Why don’tcha
stop it, Buck? Gawd A’mighty, this ain’t right! Look at Bud--he’s
turnin’!”

“You didn’t expect he’d run away, didja?”

The contestants in this desert town drama were two hundred feet apart,
facing each other, both horses moving slowly. They had both played a
square game. There was no advantage now. Two hundred feet is a long shot.
Both men had drawn their guns. Bud’s horse was dancing a little, and he
spurred it viciously.

Pete waited.

Ben’s hands were gripping the wall beside him. He had seen gun fights
before, but they had all been unpremeditated affairs. This one was too
much like an execution. The groups of cowboys were as immobile as dummy
figures. Even the horses at the hitch racks had ceased moving.

Bud and Pete were closing the gap between them, closing it slowly, each
waiting for the other to make the first move with a gun. They were only a
hundred feet apart now. It was close enough. But neither of them made a
move to lift his gun.

Ninety feet; thirty yards. Either of them could hit a tomato can at that
distance. Eighty feet! Horses walking slowly, Seventy feet; sixty feet.
Twenty yards now. They were almost in front of the sheriff’s office. Ben
laughed foolishly. It would be a double funeral. He had seen Bud shoot the
head from a prairie dog at that distance.

“It’s a nice evenin’ for it,” said the sheriff rather inanely.

And then it happened!

                *       *       *       *       *

Both guns came up at exactly the same instant. Ben’s eyes snapped shut and
he turned his head aside.

Came a tiny ping, hardly louder than the mere snapping of a revolver
hammer. Another and another. Bud’s eyes jerked open. The two riders were
thirty feet apart, leaning forward in their saddles. Not a shot had been
fired.

With a swift movement, Bud Hickman swung out the cylinder of his Colt and
emptied the cartridges in his hand. Every primer had been dented. There
were marks on the bullets, marks made by the jaws of a pair of pliers.

Pete was swearing viciously, as he drew cartridges from his belt and
started to stuff them in his gun.

But the sheriff halted him with a sharp word.

“Damn you, you pulled the powder on my shells!” snarled Pete.

“Yeah; and I’ll pull somethin’ else out of you, if you make one more
move,” said the sheriff calmly. “C’mere, Bud.”

Bud rode up to him, still holding the empty gun in his hand. Pete had quit
trying to load his gun. They looked coldly at each other.

“You boys hadn’t ort to fight,” said the sheriff calmly. “Both of you
goin’ off kinda half cocked, as you might say.”

The men from both outfits had moved in close now, trying to understand
what it was all about, their enmity all but forgotten in this queer turn
of events.

“I pulled them bullets,” admitted the sheriff. “I don’t reckon either of
you showed any yaller streak. You played the game square, and I like you
both for it. Personally I kinda enjoyed it. It was like lookin’ at a show.
I was the only one that knowed how it would turn out.”

“Was it any of your damn’ business how it turned out?” demanded Pete
hotly.

“In a way, it was, Pete--” calmly. “Barrin’ my friendship with both of
you, and my position as sheriff, it still was my business, in a way. Now,
you two boys was aimin’ to kill each other over a woman. Yeah, Ben told me
about it. You might thank Ben instead of glarin’ at him.

“He liked both of you, and he didn’t want no killin’ done; so he told me
about it. I don’t think for a minute that this Smith girl would care to
have you killin’ each other over her. Most girls don’t. Anyway, it was a
sucker idea, because there ain’t no Smith girl around here any more; so
you was tryin’ to kill each other for nothin’.”

“What do you mean?” blurted Bud.

“The Smiths ain’t moved away,” offered a cowboy.

“If you hadn’t had so much killin’ on your mind, you might have found out
that me and the Smith girl was married over a week ago. You boys better go
back and have your spree, as soon as you give me back them guns, ’cause
I’ve got work to do.”

“Whittlin’?” asked Bud blankly.

“Lookin’ for somethin’ to whittle on.”

                                 THE END


[Transcriber’s Note: This story appeared in the July 1, 1928 issue of
Adventure magazine.]





*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK BY ORDER OF BUCK BRADY ***


    

Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.


START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™
electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
    of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online
    at www.gutenberg.org. If you
    are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
  
1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

    • You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
        to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
        within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
        legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
        Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
        Literary Archive Foundation.”
    
    • You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
        does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
        License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
        works.
    
    • You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
        receipt of the work.
    
    • You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
    

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org.

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

The Project Gutenberg eBook of The case of Charles Dexter Ward
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: The case of Charles Dexter Ward

Author: H. P. Lovecraft

Release date: May 5, 2024 [eBook #73547]

Language: English

Original publication: New York, NY: Weird Tales, 1941

Credits: Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE CASE OF CHARLES DEXTER WARD ***





                    The Case of Charles Dexter Ward

                          By H. P. LOVECRAFT

           [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
                      Weird Tales May, July 1941
         Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
         the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]


Here is THE CASE OF CHARLES DEXTER WARD--the last, and many think
the best, the most exciting--of all H. P. Lovecraft's superb weird
fantasies.

Discovered after years of difficult search--and pieced together with
as much careful patience as Charles Ward puts into his terrifying
researches in the story--August Derleth and Donald Wandrei at long last
had all the scattered pages of Lovecraft's novel complete.

The manuscript, gathered over the course of many years from attics,
forgotten strong boxes and old bureaus, is published now--in WEIRD
TALES.

In it you are going to read again of Cthulhu and the fearful
Necronomicon; in these pages you will also find a perfect wealth of new
thrills. In _Charles Ward_ you will read ... but why go on, when you're
just raring to get ahead with the story?

So just turn the page--and on with the show!

       *       *       *       *       *

    The essential Saltes of Animals may be so prepared and preserved,
    that an ingenious Man may have the whole Ark of Noah in his owne
    Studie and raise the fine shape of an Animal out of its Ashes at
    his Pleasure; and by the lyke method from the essential Saltes of
    humane Dust, a Philosopher may, without any criminal Necromancy,
    call up the Shape of any dead Ancestour from the Dust whereinto his
    Bodie has been incinerated.

                                                              BORELLUS.




                     _1. A Result and a Prologue_

From a private hospital for the insane near Providence, Rhode Island,
there recently disappeared an exceedingly singular person. He bore
the name of Charles Dexter Ward, and was placed under restraint most
reluctantly by his grieving father.

The patient seemed oddly older than his twenty-six years would warrant;
his face had taken on a subtle cast which only the very aged usually
acquire. While his organic processes showed a certain queerness
of proportion which nothing in medical experience can parallel.
Respiration and heart action had a baffling lack of symmetry, the voice
was lost, so that no sounds above a whisper were possible, digestion
was incredibly prolonged and minimized. The skin had a morbid chill and
dryness, and the cellular structure of the tissue seemed exaggeratedly
coarse and loosely-knit. Even a large olive birthmark on his right hip
had disappeared, whilst there had formed on his chest a very peculiar
mole or blackish spot of which no trace existed before.

Psychologically, too, Charles Ward was unique. His madness held no
affinity to any sort recorded in even the latest and most exhaustive
of treatises, and was conjoined to a mental force which would have
made him a genius or a leader had it not been twisted into strange and
grotesque forms.

Only Dr. Willett, who brought Charles Ward into the world and watched
his growth of body and mind ever since, seemed frightened at the
thought of his future freedom. He had had a terrible experience and had
made a terrible discovery which he dared not reveal to his skeptical
colleagues. Willett, indeed, presents a minor mystery all his own
in his connection with the case. He was the last to see the patient
before his flight, and emerged from that final conversation in a state
of mixed horror and relief which several recalled when Ward's escape
became known three hours later. That escape itself is one of the
unsolved wonders of Dr. Waite's hospital. A window open above a sheer
drop of sixty feet could hardly explain it, yet after that talk with
Willett the youth was undeniably gone.

He had found Ward in his room, but shortly after his departure the
attendants knocked in vain. When they opened the door the patient was
not there, and all they found was the open window with a chill April
breeze blowing in a cloud of fine bluish-gray dust that almost choked
them. True, the dogs had howled some time before; but that was while
Willett was still present, and they had caught nothing and shown
no disturbance later on. Ward's father was told at once over the
telephone, but he seemed more saddened than surprised. By the time Dr.
Waite called in person, Dr. Willett had been talking with him, and both
disavowed any knowledge or complicity in the escape. Only from certain
closely confidential friends of Willett and the senior Ward have any
clues been gained, and even these are too wildly fantastic for general
credence. The one fact which remains is that up to the present time no
trace of the missing madman has been unearthed.

       *       *       *       *       *

Charles Ward was an antiquarian from infancy, no doubt gaining his
taste from the venerable town around him, and from the relics of the
past which filled every corner of his parent's old mansion in Prospect
Street on the crest of the hill. With the years his devotion to ancient
things increased; so that history, genealogy, and the study of Colonial
architecture, furniture, and craftsmanship at length crowded everything
else from his sphere of interests. These tastes are important to
remember in considering his madness. One would have fancied the patient
literally transferred to a former age through some obscure sort of
auto-hypnosis. The odd thing was that Ward seemed no longer interested
in the antiquities he knew so well. He had, it appears, lost his regard
for them through sheer familiarity; and all his final efforts were
obviously bent toward mastering those common facts of the modern world
which had been so totally and unmistakably expunged from his brain. His
whole program of reading and conversation was determined by a frantic
wish to imbibe such knowledge of his own life and of the ordinary
practical and cultural background of the twentieth century as ought to
have been his by virtue of his birth in 1902 and his education in the
schools of our own time. Alienists are of the dominant opinion that the
escaped patient is "lying low" in some humble and unexacting position
till his stock of modern information can be brought up to the normal.

The beginning of Ward's madness is a matter of dispute among alienists.
Dr. Lyman, the eminent Boston authority, places it in 1919 or 1920,
during the boy's last year at the Moses Brown School, when he suddenly
turned from the study of the past to the study of the occult, and
refused to qualify for college on the ground that he had individual
researches of much greater importance to make.

It is, broadly speaking, undeniable that the winter of 1919-20 saw
a great change in Ward; whereby he abruptly dropped his general
antiquarian pursuits and embarked on a desperate delving into occult
subjects both at home and abroad, varied only by this strangely
persistent search for his fore-father's grave.

From this opinion, however, Dr. Willett substantially dissents, basing
his verdict on his close and continuous knowledge of the patient, and
on certain frightful investigations and discoveries which he made
toward the last.

Those investigations and discoveries have left their mark upon him; so
that his voice trembles when he tells them, and his hand trembles when
he tries to write of them.

The true madness, he is certain, came with a later change; after the
Curwen portrait and the ancient papers had been unearthed; after a trip
to strange foreign places had been made, and some terrible invocations
chanted under strange and secret circumstances; after certain _answers_
to these invocations had been plainly indicated, and a frantic letter
penned under agonizing and inexplicable conditions; after the wave of
vampirism and the ominous Pawtuxet gossip; and after the patient's
memory commenced to exclude contemporary images whilst his voice failed
and his physical aspect underwent the subtle modification so many
subsequently noticed.

It was only about this time, Willett points out with much acuteness,
that the nightmare qualities became indubitably linked with Ward, and
the doctor feels shudderingly sure that enough solid evidence exists to
sustain the youth's claim regarding his crucial discovery. There were
the mysteries and coincidences of the Orne and Hutchinson letters, and
the problem of the Curwen penmanship and of what the detectives brought
to light about Dr. Allen; these things, and the terrible message
in mediaeval minuscules found in Willett's pocket when he gained
consciousness after his shocking experience.

And most conclusive of all, there are the two hideous _results_ which
the doctor obtained from a certain pair of formulae during his final
investigations; results which virtually proved the authenticity of the
papers and of their monstrous implications at the same time that those
papers were borne for ever from human knowledge.

       *       *       *       *       *

One must look back at Charles Ward's earlier life as at something
belonging as much to the past as the antiquities he loved so keenly.

His home was a great Georgian mansion atop the well-nigh precipitous
hill that rises just east of the river, and from the rear windows of
its rambling wings he could look dizzily out over all the clustered
spires, domes, roofs and skyscraper summits of the lower town to the
purple hills of the countryside beyond. Here he was born, and from the
lovely classic porch of the double-bayed brick façade his nurse had
first wheeled him in his carriage; past the little white farmhouse of
two hundred years before that the town had long ago overtaken, and on
toward the stately colleges along the shady, sumptuous street, whose
old square brick mansions and smaller wooden houses with narrow,
heavy-columned Doric porches dreamed solid and exclusive amidst their
generous yards and gardens.

He had been wheeled, too, along sleepy Congdon Street, one tier lower
down on the steep hill, and with all its eastern houses on high
terraces. The small wooden houses averaged a greater age here, for
it was up this hill that the growing town had climbed. One of the
child's first memories is of the great westward sea of hazy roofs and
domes and steeples and far hills which he saw one winter afternoon
from that great railed embankment, all violet and mystic against a
fevered, apocalyptic sunset of reds and golds and purples and curious
greens. The vast marble dome of the State House stood out in massive
silhouette, its crowning statue haloed fantastically by a break in one
of the tinted stratus clouds that barred the flaming sky.

When he was larger his famous walks began; first with his impatiently
dragged nurse and then alone in dreamy meditation. One may picture him
yet as he was in those days; tall, slim, and blond, with studious eyes
and a slight stoop, dressed somewhat carelessly, and giving a dominant
impression of harmless awkwardness rather than attractiveness.

He would seek for vivid contrasts; spending half a walk in the
crumbling colonial regions northwest of his home, where the hill drops
to the lower eminence of Stampers Hill with its ghetto and Negro
quarter clustering round the place where the Boston stagecoach used
to start before the Revolution, and the other half in the gracious
southerly realm about George, Benevolent, Power, and Williams Streets,
where the old slope holds unchanged the fine estates and bits of walled
garden and steep green lane in which so many fragrant memories linger.

Dr. Willett is certain that, up to this ill-omened winter of first
change, Charles Ward's antiquarianism was free from every trace of
the morbid. Graveyards held for him no particular attraction beyond
their quaintness and historic value, and of anything like violence or
savage instinct he was utterly devoid. Then, by insidious degrees,
there appeared to develop a curious sequel to one of his genealogical
triumphs of the year before; when he had discovered among his maternal
ancestors a certain very long-lived man named Joseph Curwen, who had
come from Salem in March of 1692, and about whom a whispered series of
highly peculiar and disquieting stories clustered.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ward's great-great-grandfather Welcome Potter had in 1785 married a
certain "Ann Tillinghast, daughter to Mrs. Eliza, daughter to Capt.
James Tillinghast," of whose paternity the family had preserved no
trace. Late in 1918, whilst examining a volume of original town records
in manuscript, the young genealogist encountered an entry describing a
legal change of name, by which in 1772 a Mrs. Eliza Curwen, widow of
Joseph Curwen, resumed, along with her seven-year-old daughter Ann,
her maiden name of Tillinghast; on the ground "that her Husband's
name was become a public Reproach by Reason of what was knowne after
his Decease; the which confirming antient common Rumour, tho' not to
be credited by a loyall Wife till so proven as to be wholely past
Doubting." This entry came to light upon the accidental separation of
two leaves which had been carefully pasted together and treated as one
by a labored revision of the page numbers.

It was at once clear to Charles Ward that he had indeed discovered a
hitherto unknown great-great-great-grandfather. Having discovered his
own relationship to this apparently "hushed-up" character, he at once
proceeded to hunt out as systematically as possible whatever he might
find concerning him. In this excited quest he eventually succeeded
beyond his highest expectations, for old letters, diaries and sheaves
of unpublished memoirs in cobwebbed Providence garrets and elsewhere
yielded many illuminating passages which their writers had not thought
it worth their while to destroy. One important sidelight came from
a point as remote as New York, where some Rhode Island colonial
correspondence was stored in the Museum at Fraunces' Tavern. The really
crucial thing, though, and what in Dr. Willett's opinion formed the
definite source of Ward's undoing, was the matter found in August,
1919, behind the panelling of the crumbling house in Olney Court. It
was that, beyond a doubt, which opened up those black vistas whose end
was deeper than the pit.




                    _2. An Antecedent and a Horror_


Joseph Curwen, as revealed by the rambling legends embodied in what
Ward heard and unearthed, was a very astonishing, enigmatic, obscurely
horrible individual. He had fled from Salem to Providence--that
universal haven of the odd, the free, and the dissenting--at the
beginning of the great witchcraft panic; being in fear of accusation
because of his solitary ways and queer chemical or alchemical
experiments. He was a colorless-looking man of about thirty, and was
soon found qualified to become a freeman of Providence; thereafter
buying a home lot just north of Gregory Dexter's at about the foot of
Olney Street. His house was built on Stampers Hill west of the Town
Street, in what later became Olney Court; and in 1761 he replaced this
with a larger one, on the same site, which is still standing.

Now the first odd thing about Joseph Curwen was that he did not seem
to grow much older than he had been on his arrival. He engaged in
shipping enterprises, purchased wharfage near Mile-End Cove, helped
rebuild the Great Bridge in 1713, and in 1723 was one of the founders
of the Congregational Church on the hill; but always did he retain the
nondescript aspect of a man not greatly over thirty or thirty-five.
As the decades mounted up, this singular quality began to excite wide
notice; but Curwen always explained it by saying that he came of hardy
forefathers, and practiced a simplicity of living which did not wear
him out. How such simplicity could be reconciled with the inexplicable
comings and goings of the secretive merchant, and with the queer
gleamings of his windows at all hours of night, was not very clear to
the townsfolk; and they were prone to assign other reasons for his
continued youth and longevity. It was held, for the most part, that
Curwen's incessant mixings and boilings of chemicals had much to do
with his condition. At length, when over fifty years had passed since
the stranger's advent, and without producing more than five years'
apparent change in his face and physique, the people began to whisper
more darkly; and to meet more than halfway that desire for isolation
which he had always shown.

Private letters and diaries of the period reveal, too, a multitude
of other reasons why Joseph Curwen was marvelled at, feared, and
finally shunned like a plague. His passion for graveyards, in which
he was glimpsed at all hours and under all conditions, was notorious;
though no one had witnessed any deed on his part which could actually
be termed ghoulish. On the Pawtuxet Road he had a farm, at which he
generally lived during the summer, and to which he would frequently be
seen riding at various odd times of the day or night. Here his only
visible servants, farmers, and caretakers were a sullen pair of aged
Narragansett Indians; the husband dumb and curiously scarred, and the
wife of a very repulsive cast of countenance, probably due to a mixture
of Negro blood. In the lean-to of this house was the laboratory where
most of the chemical experiments were conducted. Curious porters
and teamers who delivered bottles, bags or boxes at the small rear
door would exchange accounts of the fantastic flasks, crucibles,
alembics, and furnaces they saw in the low-shelved room; and prophesied
in whispers that the close-mouthed "chymist"--by which they meant
_alchemist_--would not be long in finding the Philosopher's Stone.
The nearest neighbors to this farm--the Fenners, a quarter of a mile
away--had still queerer things to tell of certain sounds which they
insisted came from the Curwen place in the night. There were cries,
they said, and sustained howlings; and they did not like the large
number of livestock which thronged the pastures. Then, too, there was
something very obnoxious about a certain great stone outbuilding with
only high narrow slits for windows.

Great Bridge idlers likewise had much to say of Curwen's town house in
Olney Court; not so much the fine new one built in 1761, when the man
must have been nearly a century old, but the first low gambrel-roofed
one with the windowless attic and shingled sides, whose timbers he took
the peculiar precaution of burning after its demolition. Here there
was less mystery, it is true; but the hours at which lights were seen,
the secretiveness of the two swarthy foreigners who comprised the only
manservants, the hideous indistinct mumbling of the incredibly aged
French housekeeper, the large amounts of food seen to enter a door
within which only four persons lived, and the _quality_ of certain
voices often heard in muffled conversation at highly unseasonable
times, all combined with what was known of the Pawtuxet farm to give
the place a bad name.

       *       *       *       *       *

In choicer circles, too, the Curwen home was by no means undiscussed;
for as the newcomer had gradually worked into the church and trading
life of the town, he had naturally made acquaintances of the better
sort, whose company and conversation he was well fitted by education to
enjoy.

His birth was known to be good, since the Curwens or Carwens of Salem
needed no introduction in New England. It developed that Joseph Curwen
had traveled much in very early life, living for a time in England and
making at least two voyages to the Orient; and his speech, when he
deigned to use it, was that of a learned and cultivated Englishman.
There seemed to lurk in his bearing some cryptic, sardonic arrogance,
as if he had come to find all human beings dull through having moved
among stranger and more potent entities.

In 1746 Mr. John Merritt, an elderly English gentleman of literary and
scientific leanings, came from Newport to the town which was so rapidly
overtaking it in standing, and built a fine country seat on the Neck in
what is now the heart of the best residence section where he lived in
considerable style and comfort. Hearing of Curwen as the owner of the
best library in Providence, Mr. Merritt early paid him a call, and was
more cordially received than most other callers at the house had been.
Curwen suggested a visit to the farmhouse and laboratory whither he
had never invited anyone before; and the two drove out at once in Mr.
Merritt's coach.

Mr. Merritt maintained that the titles of the books in the special
library of thaumaturgical, alchemical, and theological subjects which
Curwen kept in a front room were alone sufficient to inspire him with a
lasting loathing. This bizarre collection, besides a host of standard
works which Mr. Merritt was not too alarmed to envy, embraced nearly
all the cabalists, demonologists, and magicians known to man; and was a
treasure-house of lore in the doubtful realms of alchemy and astrology.
Hermes Trismegistus in Mesnard's edition, the _Turba Philosophorum_,
Geber's _Liber Investigationis_, and Artephous' _Key of Wisdom_ all
were there; with the cabalistic _Zohar_, Peter Jammy's set of Albertus
Magnus, Raymond Lully's _Ars Magna et Ultima_ in Zetzner's edition,
Roger Bacon's _Thesaurus Chemicus_, Fludd's _Clavis Alchimiae_, and
Trithemius' _De Lapide Philosophico_ crowding them close. Mediaeval
Jews and Arabs were represented in profusion, and Mr. Merritt turned
pale when, upon taking down a fine volume conspicuously labeled as the
_Qunoon-e-Islam_, he found it was in truth the forbidden _Necronomicon_
of the mad Arab Abdul Al-hazred, of which he had heard such monstrous
things whispered some years previously after the exposure of nameless
rites at the strange little fishing village of Kingsport, in the
Province of the Massachusetts-Bay.

But the worthy gentleman owned himself most impalpably disquieted by a
mere minor detail. On the huge mahogany table there lay face downward
a badly worn copy of Borellus, bearing many cryptical marginalia and
interlineations in Curwen's hand.

The book was open at about its middle, and one paragraph displayed
such thick and tremulous pen-strokes beneath the lines of mystic
black-letters that the visitor could not resist scanning it through. He
recalled it to the end of his days, writing it down from memory in his
diary and once trying to recite it to his close friend Dr. Checkley,
till he saw how greatly it disturbed that urbane rector. It read:

    The essential Saltes of Animals may be so prepared and preserved,
    that an ingenious Man may have the whole Ark of Noah in his owne
    Studie, and raise the fine Shape of an Animal out of its Ashes at
    his Pleasure; and by the lyke Method from the essential Saltes of
    humane Dust, a Philosopher may, without any criminal Necromancy,
    call up the Shape of any dead Ancestour from the Dust whereinto his
    Bodie has been incinerated.

       *       *       *       *       *

It was near the docks along the southerly part of the Town Street,
however, that the worst things were muttered about Joseph Curwen.
Sailors are superstitious folk; and all made strange furtive signs of
protection when they saw the slim, deceptively young-looking figure
with its yellow hair and slight stoop entering the Curwen warehouse
in Doubloon Street or talking with captains and supercargos on the
long quay where the Curwen ships rode restlessly. Curwen's own clerks
and captains hated and feared him, and all his sailors were mongrel
riff-raff from Martinique, St. Eustatius, Havana, or Port Royal. It
was, in a way, the frequency with which these sailors were replaced,
which inspired the acutest and most tangible part of the fear in which
the old man was held, and in time it became exceedingly difficult for
Curwen to keep his oddly assorted hands.

By 1760 Joseph Curwen was virtually an outcast, suspected of vague
horrors and daemoniac alliances which seemed all the more menacing
because they could not be named, understood, or even proved to exist.

Meanwhile the merchant's worldly affairs were prospering. He had a
virtual monopoly of the town's trade in saltpetre, black pepper, and
cinnamon, and easily led any other one shipping establishment save the
Browns in his importation of brassware, indigo, cotton, woollens, salt,
rigging, iron, paper and English goods of every kind. Curwen was, in
fact, one of the prime exporters of the Colony.

       *       *       *       *       *

The sight of this strange, pallid man, hardly middle-aged in aspect
yet certainly not less than a full century old, seeking at last to
emerge from a cloud of fright and detestation too vague to pin down or
analyze, was at once a pathetic, a dramatic, and a contemptible thing.
Such is the power of wealth and of surface gestures, however, that
there came indeed a slight abatement in the visible aversion displayed
toward him; especially after the rapid disappearances of his sailors
abruptly ceased. He must likewise have begun to practice an extreme
care and secrecy in his graveyard expeditions, for he was never again
caught at such wanderings; whilst the rumors of uncanny sounds and
maneuvers at his Pawtuxet farm diminished in proportion.

But the effect of all this belated mending was necessarily slight.
Curwen continued to be avoided and distrusted, as indeed the one fact
of his continued air of youth at a great age would have been enough
to warrant; and he could see that in the end his fortunes would be
likely to suffer. So about this time the crafty scholar hit upon a last
desperate expedient to regain his footing in the community. Hitherto
a complete hermit, he now determined to contract an advantageous
marriage; securing as a bride some lady whose unquestioned position
would make all ostracism of his home impossible. It may be that he also
had deeper reasons for wishing an alliance; reasons so far outside
the known cosmic sphere that only papers found a century and a half
after his death caused anyone to suspect them; but of this nothing
certain can ever be learned. Naturally he was aware of the horror and
indignation with which any ordinary courtship of his would be received,
hence looked about for some likely candidate upon whose parents he
might exert a suitable pressure. Such candidates, he found, were not
at all easy to discover; since he had very particular requirements in
the way of beauty, accomplishments, and social security. At length his
survey narrowed down to the household of one of his best and oldest
ship-captains, a widower of high birth and unblemished standing named
Dutie Tillinghast, whose only daughter Eliza seemed dowered with every
conceivable advantage save prospects as an heiress. Captain Tillinghast
was completely under the domination of Curwen; and consented, after
a terrible interview in his cupolaed house on Power's Lane hill, to
sanction the blasphemous alliance.

       *       *       *       *       *

Eliza Tillinghast was at that time eighteen years of age, and had been
reared as gently as the reduced circumstances of her father permitted.
Her arguments with her father concerning the proposed Curwen marriage
must have been painful indeed; but of these we have no record. Certain
it is that her engagement to young Ezra Weeden, second mate of the
Crawford packet _Enterprise_, was dutifully broken off, and that her
union with Joseph Curwen took place on the seventh of March, 1763, in
the Baptist church, in the presence of one of the most distinguished
assemblages which the town could boast; the ceremony being performed
by the youngest Samuel Winson. The _Gazette_ mentioned the event very
briefly, and in most surviving copies the item in question seems to be
cut or torn out. Ward found a single intact copy after much search in
the archives of a private collector of note, observing with amusement
the meaningless urbanity of the language:

    Monday evening last, Mr. Joseph Curwen, of this Town, Merchant,
    was married to Miss Eliza Tillinghast, Daughter of Captain Dutie
    Tillinghast, a young Lady who has real Merit, added to a beautiful
    Person, to grace the connubial State and perpetuate its Felicity.

The social influence of the Tillinghasts, however, was not to be
denied; and once more Joseph Curwen found his house frequented by
persons whom he could never otherwise have induced to cross his
threshold. His acceptance was by no means complete, and his bride was
socially the sufferer through her forced venture; but at all events the
wall of utter ostracism was somewhat worn down. In his treatment of
his wife the strange bridegroom astonished both her and the community
by displaying an extreme graciousness and consideration. The new house
in Olney Court was now wholly free from disturbing manifestations,
and although Curwen was much absent at the Pawtuxet farm which his
wife never visited, he seemed more like a normal citizen than at any
other time in his long years of residence. Only one person remained
in open enmity with him, this being the youthful ship's officer
whose engagement to Eliza Tillinghast had been so abruptly broken.
Ezra Weeden had frankly vowed vengeance; and though of a quiet and
originally mild disposition, was now gaining a hate-bred, dogged
purpose which boded no good to the usurping husband.

On the seventh of May, 1765, Curwen's only child Ann was born; and was
christened by the Reverend John Graves of King's Church, of which both
husband and wife had become communicants shortly after their marriage,
in order to compromise between their respective Congregational and
Baptist affiliations. The record of this birth, as well as that of
the marriage two years before, was stricken from most copies of the
church and town annals where it ought to appear; and Charles Ward
located both with the greatest difficulty after his discovery of the
widow's change of name had apprised him of his own relationship, and
engendered the feverish interest which culminated in his madness. The
birth entry, indeed, was found very curiously through correspondence
with the heirs of the loyalist Dr. Graves, who had taken with him a
duplicate set of records when he left his pastorate at the outbreak
of the Revolution. Ward had tried this source because he knew that
his great-great-grandmother, Ann Tillinghast Potter, had been an
Episcopalian.

Shortly after the birth of his daughter, an event he seemed to welcome
with a fervor greatly out of keeping with his usual coldness, Curwen
resolved to sit for a portrait. This he had painted by a very gifted
Scotsman named Cosmo Alexander, then a resident of Newport, and since
famous as the early teacher of Gilbert Stuart. The likeness was said to
have been executed on a wall-panel of the library of the house in Olney
Court, but neither of the two old diaries mentioning it gave any hint
of its ultimate disposition.

       *       *       *       *       *

In 1766 came the final change in Joseph Curwen. It was very sudden,
and gained wide notice amongst the curious townsfolk; for the air of
suspense and expectancy dropped like an old cloak, giving instant place
to an ill-concealed exaltation of perfect triumph. It was after this
transition, which appears to have come early in July, that the sinister
scholar began to astonish people by his possession of information which
only their long-dead ancestors would seem to be able to impart.

But Curwen's feverish secret activities by no means ceased with this
change. On the contrary, they tended rather to increase; so that more
and more of his shipping business was handled by the captains whom
he now bound to him by ties of fear as potent as those of bankruptcy
had been. He altogether abandoned the slave trade, alleging that its
profits were constantly decreasing. Every possible moment was spent
at the Pawtuxet farm; though there were rumors now and then of his
presence in places which, though not actually near graveyards, were yet
so situated in relation to graveyards that thoughtful people wondered
just how thorough the old merchant's change of habits really was.
Ezra Weeden, though his periods of espionage were necessarily brief
and intermittent on account of his sea voyaging, had a vindictive
persistence which the bulk of the practical townsfolk and farmers
lacked; and subjected Curwen's affairs to a scrutiny such as they had
never had before.

Smuggling and evasion were the rule in Narragansett Bay, and nocturnal
landings of illicit cargoes were continuous commonplaces. But Weeden,
night after night, following the lighters or small sloops which he saw
steal off from the Curwen warehouses at the Town Street docks, soon
felt assured that it was not merely His Majesty's armed ships which the
sinister skulker was anxious to avoid. The lighters were wont to put
out from the black silent docks, and they would go down the bay some
distance, perhaps as far as Namquit Point, where they would meet and
receive cargo from strange ships of considerable size and widely varied
appearance. Curwen's sailors would then deposit this cargo at the usual
point on the shore, and transport it overland to the farm; locking it
in the same cryptical stone building which had formerly received the
Negroes. The cargo consisted almost wholly of boxes and cases, of which
a large proportion were oblong and heavy, and disturbingly suggestive
of coffins.

Weeden always watched the farm with unremitting assiduity, visiting
it each night for long periods, and seldom letting a week go by
without a sight except when the ground bore a footprint-revealing
snow. Finding his own vigils interrupted by nautical duties, he hired
a tavern companion named Eleazar Smith to continue the survey during
his absences; and between them the two could have set in motion some
extraordinary rumors. That they did not do so was only because they
knew the effect of publicity would be to warn their quarry and make
further progress impossible.

       *       *       *       *       *

It is gathered that Weeden and Smith became early convinced that a
great series of tunnels and catacombs, inhabited by a very sizable
staff of persons besides the old Indian and his wife, underlay the
farm. The house was an old peaked relic of the middle seventeenth
century with enormous stack chimney and diamond-paned lattice windows,
the laboratory being in a lean-to toward the north, where the roof
came nearly to the ground. This building stood clear of any other; yet
judging by the different voices heard at odd times within, it must
have been accessible through secret passages beneath. These voices
ran the gamut betwixt dronings of dull acquiescence and explosions of
frantic pain or fury, rumblings of conversation and whines of entreaty,
pantings of eagerness and shouts of protest. They appeared to be in
different languages, all known to Curwen, whose rasping accents were
frequently distinguishable in reply, reproof, or threatening.

Weeden had many verbatim reports of overheard scraps in his notebook,
for English, French, and Spanish, which he knew, were frequently used;
but of these nothing has survived. He did, however, say that besides a
few ghoulish dialogues in which the past affairs of Providence families
were concerned, most of the questions and answers he could understand
were historical or scientific; occasionally pertaining to very remote
places and ages. Once, for example, an alternately raging and sullen
figure was questioned in French about the Black Prince's massacre at
Limoges in 1370, as if there were some hidden reason which he ought to
know. Curwen asked the prisoner--if prisoner it were--whether the order
to slay was given because of the Sign of the Goat found on the altar
in the ancient Roman crypt beneath the cathedral, or whether The Dark
Man of the Haute Vienne Coven had spoken the Three Words. Failing to
obtain replies, the inquisitor had seemingly resorted to extreme means;
for there was a terrific shriek followed by silence and muttering and a
bumping sound.

None of these colloquies was ever ocularly witnessed, since the windows
were always heavily draped. Later, no more conversations were ever
heard in the house, and Weeden and Smith concluded that Curwen had
transferred his field of action to regions below.

That such regions in truth existed, seemed amply clear from many
things. Faint cries and groans unmistakably came up now and then from
what appeared to be the solid earth in places far from any structure;
whilst hidden in the bushes along the river-bank in the rear, where the
high ground sloped steeply down to the valley of the Pawtuxet, there
was found an arched oaken door in a frame of heavy masonry, which was
obviously an entrance to caverns within the hill.

       *       *       *       *       *

It was in January, 1770, whilst Weeden and Smith were still debating
vainly on what, if anything, to think or do about the whole bewildering
business, that the incident of the _Fortaleza_ occurred. Exasperated
by the burning of the revenue sloop _Liberty_ at Newport during the
previous summer, the customs fleet under Admiral Wallace had adopted an
increased vigilance concerning strange vessels; and on this occasion
His Majesty's armed schooner _Cygnet_, under Captain Charles Leshe,
captured after a short pursuit one early morning the scow _Fortaleza_
of Barcelona, Spain, under Captain Manuel Arruda, bound according to
its log from Grand Cairo, Egypt, to Providence. When searched for
contraband material, this ship revealed the astonishing fact that its
cargo consisted exclusively of Egyptian mummies, consigned to "Sailor
A. B. C.," who would come to remove his goods in a lighter just off
Namquit Point, and whose identity Captain Arruda felt himself in honor
bound not to reveal. The Vice-Admiralty Court at Newport, at a loss
what to do in view of the non-contraband nature of the cargo on the
one hand and of the unlawful secrecy of the entry on the other hand,
compromised on Collector Robinson's recommendation by freeing the
ship but forbidding it a port in Rhode Island waters. There were later
rumors of its having been seen in Boston Harbor, though it never openly
entered the Port of Boston.

This extraordinary incident did not fail of wide remark in Providence
and there were not many who doubted the existence of some connection
between the cargo of mummies and the sinister Joseph Curwen; it did
not take much imagination to link him with a freakish importation
which could not conceivably have been destined for anyone else in
the town. Weeden and Smith, of course, felt no doubt whatsoever of
the significance of the thing; and indulged in the wildest theories
concerning Curwen and his monstrous labors.

The following spring, like that of the year before, had heavy rains;
and the watchers kept careful track of the river-bank behind the Curwen
farm. Large sections were washed away, and a certain number of bones
discovered; but no glimpse was afforded of any actual subterranean
chambers or burrows. Something was rumored, however, at the village
of Pawtuxet about a mile below, where the river flows in falls over a
rocky terrace to join the placid landlocked cove. The fisherfolk about
the bridge did not like the wild way that one of the things stared as
it shot down to the still water below, or the way that another half
cried out although its condition had greatly departed from that of
objects which normally cry out.

That rumor sent Smith--for Weeden was just then at sea--in haste to
the river-bank behind the farm; where surely enough there remained the
evidences of an extensive cave-in. Smith went to the extent of some
experimental digging, but was deterred by lack of success--or perhaps
by fear of possible success. It is interesting to speculate on what the
persistent and revengeful Weeden would have done had he been ashore at
the time.

       *       *       *       *       *

By the autumn of 1770 Weeden decided that the time was ripe to tell
others of his discoveries; for he had a large number of facts to link
together, and a second eye-witness to refute the possible charge
that jealousy and vindictiveness had spurred his fancy. As his first
confidant he selected Captain James Mathewson of the _Enterprise_,
who on the one hand knew him well enough not to doubt his veracity,
and on the other hand was sufficiently influential in the town to be
heard in turn with respect. The colloquy took place in an upper room
of Sabin's Tavern near the docks, with Smith present to corroborate
virtually every statement; and it could be seen that Captain Mathewson
was tremendously impressed. Like nearly everyone else in the town,
he had had black suspicions of his own anent Joseph Curwen; hence it
needed only this confirmation and enlargement of data to convince
him absolutely. At the end of the conference he was very grave, and
enjoined strict silence upon the two younger men.

The right persons to tell, he believed, would be Dr. Benjamin West,
whose pamphlet on the late transit of Venus proved him a scholar
and keen thinker; Reverend James Manning, President of the College;
ex-Governor Stephen Hopkins, who had been a member of the Philosophical
Society at Newport, and was a man of very broad perceptions; John
Carter, publisher of the _Gazette_; all four of the Brown brothers,
John, Joseph, Nicholas and Moses, who formed the recognized local
magnates; old Dr. Jabez Bowen, whose erudition was considerable, and
who had much first-hand knowledge of Curwen's odd purchases; and
Captain Abraham Whipple, a privateersman of phenomenal boldness and
energy who could be counted on to lead in any active measures needed.

The mission of Captain Mathewson prospered beyond his highest
expectations; for whilst he found one or two of the chosen confidants
somewhat skeptical of the possible ghostly side of Weeden's tale, there
was not one who did not think it necessary to take some sort of secret
and coördinated action. Curwen, it was clear, formed a vague potential
menace to the welfare of the town and Colony; and must be eliminated at
any cost.

Late in December, 1770, a group of eminent townsmen met at the home of
Stephen Hopkins and debated tentative measures. Weeden's notes, which
he had given to Captain Mathewson, were carefully read; and he and
Smith were summoned to give testimony anent details. Something very
like fear seized the whole assemblage before the meeting was over,
though there ran through that fear a grim determination which Captain
Whipple's bluff and resonant profanity best expressed. They would not
notify the Governor, because a more than legal course seemed necessary.
With hidden powers of uncertain extent apparently at his disposal,
Curwen was not a man who could safely be warned to leave town. He must
be surprised at his Pawtuxet farm by a large raiding party of seasoned
privateersmen and given one decisive chance to explain himself. If
he proved a madman, amusing himself with shrieked and imaginary
conversations in different voices, he would be properly confined. If
something graver appeared, and if the underground horrors indeed turned
out to be real, he and all with him must die. It could be done quietly,
and even the widow and her father need not be told how it came about.

       *       *       *       *       *

While these serious steps were under discussion there occurred in the
town an incident so terrible and inexplicable that for a time little
else was mentioned for miles around. In the middle of a moonlit
January night with heavy snow underfoot there resounded over the river
and up the hill a shocking series of cries which brought sleepy heads
to every window; and people around Weybosset Point saw a great white
thing plunging frantically along the badly cleared space in front of
the Turk's Head. There was a baying of dogs in the distance, but this
subsided as soon as the clamor of the awakened town became audible.
Parties of men with lanterns and muskets hurried out to see what
was happening, but nothing rewarded their search. The next morning,
however, a giant, muscular body, stark naked, was found on the jams
of ice around the southern piers of the Great Bridge, where the Long
Dock stretched out beside Abbott's distil-house, and the identity of
this object became a theme for endless speculation and whispering. It
was not so much the younger as the older folk who whispered, for only
in the patriarchs did that rigid face with horror-bulging eyes strike
any chord of memory. They, shaking as they did so, exchanged furtive
murmurs of wonder and fear; for in those stiff, hideous features lay a
resemblance so marvelous as to be almost an identity--and that identity
was with a man who had died full fifty years before.

Ezra Weeden was present at the finding; and remembering the baying
of the night before, set out along Weybosset Street and across Muddy
Dock Bridge whence the sound had come. He had a curious expectancy,
and was not surprised when, reaching the edge of the settled district
where the street merged into the Pawtuxet Road, he came upon some very
curious tracks in the snow. The naked giant had been pursued by dogs
and many booted men, and the returning tracks of the hounds and their
masters could be easily traced. They had given up the chase upon coming
too near the town. Weeden smiled grimly, and as a perfunctory detail
traced the footprints back to their source. It was the Pawtuxet farm
of Joseph Curwen, as he well knew it would be; and he would have given
much had the yard been less confusingly trampled. As it was, he dared
not seem too interested in full daylight. Dr. Bowen, to whom Weeden
went at once with his report, performed an autopsy on the strange
corpse, and discovered peculiarities which baffled him utterly. The
digestive tracts of the huge man seemed never to have been in use,
whilst the whole skin had a coarse, loosely-knit texture impossible to
account for. Impressed by what the old man whispered of this body's
likeness to the long-dead blacksmith Daniel Green, whose great-grandson
Aaron Hoppin was a supercargo in Curwen's employ, Weeden asked casual
questions till he found where Green was buried. That night a party of
ten visited the old North Burying Ground opposite Herrenden's Lane and
opened a grave. They found it vacant, precisely as they had expected.

[Illustration: "They found the grave vacant--precisely as they had
expected."]

       *       *       *       *       *

Meanwhile arrangements had been made with the post riders to intercept
Joseph Curwen's mail, and shortly before the incident of the naked body
there was found a letter from one Jedediah Orne of Salem which made the
coöperating citizens think deeply. Parts of it, copied and preserved in
the private archives of the Smith family where Charles Ward found it,
ran as follows:

    I delight that you continue in ye getting at Olde Matters in
    your Way, and doe not think better was done at Mr. Hutchinson's
    in Salem-Village. Certainly, there was Noth'g butt ye liveliest
    Awfulness in that which H. rais'd upp from what he cou'd gather
    onlie a part of. What you sente, did not Worke, whether because
    Any Thing miss'g, or because ye Wordes were not Righte from my
    Speak'g or yr copy'g. Alone am at a Loss. I have not ye Chymicall
    art to followe Borellus, and owne my Selfe confounded by ye VII.
    Booke of ye Necronomicon that you recommende. But I wou'd have you
    Observe what was tolde to us aboute tak'g Care whom to calle up,
    for you are Sensible what Mr. Mather writ in ye Magnalia of ----,
    and can judge how truely that Horrendous thing is reported. I say
    to you againe, doe not call upp Any that you can not put downe; by
    the Which I meane, Any that can in Turne call up somewhat against
    you, whereby your Powerfullest Devices may not be of use. Ask of
    the Lesser, lest the Greater shall not wish to Answer, and shall
    commande more than you. I was frighted when I read of your know'g
    what Ben Zariatnatmik hadde in his Ebony Boxe, for I was conscious
    who must have told you. And againe I ask that you shalle write me
    as Jedediah and not Simon. In this Community a Man may not live too
    long, and you knowe my Plan by which I came back as my Son. I am
    desirous you will Acquaint me with what ye Blacke Man learnt from
    Sylvanus Cocidius in ye Vault, under ye Roman wall, and will be
    oblig'd for ye Lend'g of ye MS. you speak of.

Another and unsigned letter from Philadelphia provoked equal thought,
especially for the following passage:

    I will observe what you say respecting the sending of Accounts only
    by yr Vessels, but can not always be certain when to expect them.
    In the Matter spoke of, I require only one more thing; but wish to
    be sure I apprehend you exactly. You inform me, that no Part must
    be missing if the finest Effects are to be had, but you can not but
    know how hard it is to be sure. It seems a great Hazard and Burthen
    to take away the whole Box, and in Town (i. e. St. Peter's, St.
    Paul's, St. Mary's, or Christ Church) it can scarce be done at all.
    But I know what Imperfections were in the one rais'd up October
    last, and how many live Specimens you were forced to imploy before
    you hit upon the right Mode in the year 1766; so will be guided by
    you in all Matters. I am impatient for yr Brig, and inquire daily
    at Mr. Biddle's Wharf.

A third suspicious letter was in an unknown tongue and even an
unknown alphabet. In the Smith diary found by Charles Ward a single
oft-repeated combination of characters is clumsily copied; and
authorities at Brown University have pronounced the alphabet Amharic
or Abyssinian, although they do not recognize the word. None of these
epistles was ever delivered to Curwen, though the disappearance of
Jedediah Orne from Salem as recorded shortly afterward showed that the
Providence men took certain quiet steps.

Curwen, despite all precautions, apparently felt that something was in
the wind; for he was now remarked to wear an unusually worried look.
His coach was seen at all hours in the town and on the Pawtuxet Road,
and he dropped little by little the air of forced geniality with which
he had latterly sought to combat the town's prejudice. The nearest
neighbors to his farm, the Fenners, one night remarked a great shaft
of light shooting into the sky from some aperture in the roof of that
cryptical stone building with the high excessively narrow windows; an
event which they quickly communicated to John Brown in Providence.

Mr. Brown had become the executive leader of the select group bent
on Curwen's extirpation, and had informed the Fenners that some
action was about to be taken. To them Mr. Brown had entrusted the duty
of watching the Curwen farmhouse, and of regularly reporting every
incident which took place there.

       *       *       *       *       *

The probability that Curwen was on guard and attempting unusual things,
as suggested by the odd shaft of light, precipitated at last the action
so carefully devised by the band of serious citizens. According to the
Smith diary a company of about one hundred men met at ten P.M.
on Friday, April twelfth, 1771, in the great room of Thurston's Tavern
at the Sign of the Golden Lion on Weybosset Point across the Bridge.
Of the guiding group of prominent men in addition to the leader,
John Brown, there were present Dr. Bowen, with his case of surgical
instruments, President Manning without the great periwig (the largest
in the Colonies) for which he was noted, Governor Hopkins, wrapped in
a dark cloak and accompanied by his seafaring brother Eseh whom he had
initiated at the last moment with the permission of the rest, John
Carter, Captain Mathewson, and Captain Whipple, who was to lead the
actual raiding party. These chiefs conferred apart in a rear chamber,
after which Captain Whipple emerged to the great room and gave the
gathered seamen their last oaths and instructions. Eleazar Smith was
with the leaders as they sat in the rear apartment awaiting the arrival
of Ezra Weeden, whose duty was to keep track of Curwen and report the
departure of his coach for the farm.

About ten-thirty a heavy rumble was heard on the Great Bridge, followed
by the sound of a coach in the street outside; and at that hour there
was no need of waiting for Weeden in order to know that the doomed
man had set out for his last night of unhallowed wizardry. A moment
later, as the receding coach clattered faintly over the Muddy Dock
Bridge, Weeden appeared; and the raiders fell silently into military
order in the street, shouldering the firelocks, fowling-pieces, or
whaling harpoons which they had with them. Weeden and Smith were with
the party, and of the deliberating citizens there were present for
active service Captain Whipple, the leader, Captain Eseh Hopkins, John
Carter, President Manning, Captain Mathewson, and Dr. Bowen; together
with Moses Brown, who had come up at the eleventh hour though absent
from the preliminary session in the tavern. All these freemen and their
hundred sailors began the long march without delay, grim and a trifle
apprehensive as they left the Muddy Dock behind and mounted the gentle
rise of Broad Street toward the Pawtuxet Road.

An hour and a quarter later the raiders arrived, as previously agreed,
at the Fenner farmhouse; where they heard a final report on their
intended victim. He had reached his farm more than half an hour before,
and the strange light had soon afterward shot once into the sky. There
were no lights in any visible windows, but this was always the case of
late. Even as this news was given another great glare arose toward the
south, and the party realized that they had indeed come close to the
scene of awesome and unnatural wonders. Captain Whipple now ordered his
force to separate into three divisions; one of twenty men under Eleazar
Smith to strike across to the shore and guard the landing-place against
possible reinforcements for Curwen until summoned by a messenger for
desperate service; a second of twenty men under Captain Eseh Hopkins to
steal down into the river valley behind the Curwen farm and demolish
with axes or gunpowder the oaken door in the high, steep bank; and
the third to close in on the house and adjacent buildings themselves.
Of this last division one third was to be led by Captain Mathewson to
the cryptical stone edifice with high narrow windows, another third to
follow Captain Whipple himself to the main farmhouse, and the remaining
third to preserve a circle around the whole group of buildings until
summoned by a final emergency signal.

The river party would break down the hillside door at the sound of a
single whistle-blast, waiting and capturing anything which might issue
from the regions within. At the sound of two whistle blasts it would
advance through the aperture to oppose the enemy or join the rest of
the raiding contingent. The party at the stone building would accept
these respective signals in an analogous manner; forcing an entrance
at the first, and at the second descending whatever passage into the
ground might be discovered, and joining the general or focal warfare
expected to take place within the caverns. A third or emergency signal
of three blasts would summon the immediate reserve from its general
guard duty; its twenty men dividing equally and entering the unknown
depths through both farmhouse and stone building. Captain Whipple's
belief in the existence of catacombs was absolute, and he took no
alternative into consideration when making his plans. He had with him
a whistle of great power and shrillness and did not fear any mistaking
or misunderstanding of signals. The final reserve at the landing, of
course, was nearly out of the whistle's range; hence, would require a
special messenger if needed for help. Moses Brown and John Carter went
with Captain Hopkins to the river-bank, while President Manning was
detailed with Captain Mathewson to the stone building. Dr. Bowen, with
Ezra Weeden, remained in Captain Whipple's party which was to storm the
farmhouse itself. The attack was to begin as soon as a messenger from
Captain Hopkins had joined Captain Whipple to notify him of the river
party's readiness. The leader would then deliver the loud single blast,
and the various advance parties would commence their simultaneous
attack on three points. Shortly before one A.M. the three
divisions left the Fenner farmhouse; one to guard the landing, another
to seek the river valley and the hillside door, and the third to
subdivide and attend to the actual buildings of the Curwen farm.

       *       *       *       *       *

Eleazar Smith, who accompanied the shore-guarding party, records in
his diary an uneventful march and a long wait on the bluff by the
bay; broken once by what seemed to be the distant sound of the signal
whistle and again by a peculiar muffled blend of roaring and crying
and a powder blast which seemed to come from the same direction. Later
on one man thought he caught some distant gunshots, and still later
Smith himself felt the throb of titanic thunderous words resounding
in upper air. It was just before dawn that a single haggard messenger
with wild eyes and a hideous unknown odor about his clothing appeared
and told the detachment to disperse quietly to their homes and never
again think or speak of the night's doings or of him who had been
Joseph Curwen. Something about the bearing of the messenger carried
a conviction which his mere words could never have conveyed; for
though he was a seaman well known to many of them, there was something
obscurely lost or gained in his soul which set him for evermore apart.
It was the same later on when they met other old companions who
had gone into that zone of horror. Most of them had lost or gained
something imponderable and indescribable. They had seen or heard or
felt something which was not for human creatures, and could not forget
it. From them there was never any gossip, for to even the commonest of
mortal instincts there are terrible boundaries. And from that single
messenger the party at the shore caught a nameless awe which almost
sealed their own lips. Very few are the rumors which ever came from any
of them, and Eleazar Smith's diary is the only written record which has
survived from that whole expedition which set forth from the Sign of
the Golden Lion under the Stars.

       *       *       *       *       *

Charles Ward, however, discovered another vague sidelight in some
Fenner correspondence which he found in New London, where he knew
another branch of the family had lived. It seems that the Fenners,
from whose house the doomed farm was distantly visible, had watched
the departing columns of raiders; and had heard very clearly the
angry barking of the Curwen dogs, followed by the first shrill blast
which precipitated the attack. This blast had been followed by a
repetition of the great shaft of light from the stone building, and in
another moment, after a quick sounding of the second signal ordering a
general invasion, there had come a subdued rattle of musketry followed
by a horrible roaring cry which the correspondent Luke Fenner had
represented in his epistle by the characters "Waaaahrrrrr--R'waaahrrr."
This cry, however, had possessed a quality which no mere writing
could convey, and the correspondent mentions that his mother fainted
completely at the sound. It was later repeated less loudly, and
further but more muffled evidences of gunfire ensued; together with
a loud explosion of powder from the direction of the river. About an
hour afterward all the dogs began to bay frightfully, and there were
vague ground rumblings so marked that the candlesticks tottered on the
mantelpiece. A strong smell of sulphur was noted; and Luke Fenner's
father declared that he heard the third or emergency whistle signal,
though the others failed to detect it. Muffled musketry sounded again,
followed by a deep scream less piercing but even more horrible than
those which had preceded it; a kind of throaty, nastily plastic cough
or gurgle whose quality as a scream must have come more from its
continuity and psychological import than from its actual acoustic value.

Then the flaming thing burst into sight at a point where the Curwen
farm ought to lie, and the human cries of desperate and frightened men
were heard. Muskets flashed and cracked, and the flaming thing fell
to the ground. A second flaming thing appeared, and a shriek of human
origin was plainly distinguished. Fenner wrote that he could even
gather a few words belched in frenzy: "Almighty, protect thy lamb!"
Then there were more shots, and the second flaming thing fell. After
that came silence for about three-quarters of an hour; at the end of
which time little Arthur Fenner, Luke's brother, exclaimed that he
saw "a red fog" going up to the stars from the accursed farm in the
distance. No one but the child can testify to this, but Luke admits
the significant coincidence implied by the panic of almost convulsive
fright which at the same moment arched the backs and stiffened the fur
of the three cats then within the room.

Five minutes later a chill wind blew up, and the air became suffused
with such an intolerable stench that only the strong freshness of the
sea could have prevented its being noticed by the shore party or by
any wakeful souls in Pawtuxet village. This stench was nothing which
any of the Fenners had ever encountered before, and produced a kind of
clutching, amorphous fear beyond that of the tomb or the charnel-house.
Close upon it came the awful voice which no hapless hearer will ever be
able to forget. It thundered out of the sky like a doom, and windows
rattled as its echoes died away. It was deep and musical; powerful as
a bass organ, but evil as the forbidden books of the Arabs. What it
said no man can tell, for it spoke in an unknown tongue, but this is
the writing Luke Fenner set down to portray the daemoniac intonations:
"DEESMEES--JESHET--BONEDOSEFEDUVEMA--ENITEMOSS." Not till the year 1919
did any soul link this crude transcript with anything else in mortal
knowledge, but Charles Ward paled as he recognized what Mirandola
had denounced in shudders as the ultimate horror among black magic's
incantations.

An unmistakably human shout or deep chorused scream seemed to answer
this malign wonder from the Curwen farm, after which the unknown
stench grew complex with an added odor equally intolerable. A wailing
distinctly different from the scream now burst out and was protracted
ululantly in rising and falling paroxysms. At times it became almost
articulate, though no auditor could trace any definite words; and
at one point it seemed to verge toward the confines of diabolic and
hysterical laughter. Then a yell of utter, ultimate fright and stark
madness wrenched from scores of human throats; a yell which came strong
and clear despite the depth from which it must have burst; after which
darkness and silence ruled all things. Spirals of acrid smoke ascended
to blot out the stars, though no flames appeared, and no buildings were
observed to be gone or injured on the following day.

Toward dawn two frightened messengers with monstrous and unplaceable
odor saturating their clothing knocked at the Fenner door and requested
a keg of rum for which they paid very well indeed. One of them told
the family that the affair of Joseph Curwen was over, and that the
events of the night were not to be mentioned again. Arrogant as the
order seemed, the aspect of him who gave it took away all resentment
and lent it a fearsome authority; so that only these furtive letters
of Luke Fenner, which he urged his Connecticut relative to destroy,
remain to tell what was seen and heard. The non-compliance of that
relative, whereby the letters were saved after all, has alone kept
the matter from a merciful oblivion. Charles Ward had one detail to
add as a result of a long canvass of Pawtuxet residents for ancestral
traditions. Old Charles Slocum of that village said that there was
known to his grandfather a queer rumor concerning a charred, distorted
body found in the fields a week after the death of Joseph Curwen was
announced. What kept the talk alive was the notion that this body, so
far as could be seen in its burnt and twisted condition, was neither
thoroughly human nor wholly allied to any animal which Pawtuxet folk
had ever seen or read about.

       *       *       *       *       *

Not one man who participated in that terrible raid could ever be
induced to say a word concerning it, and every fragment of the vague
data which survives comes from those outside the final fighting party.
There is something frightful in the care with which these actual
raiders destroyed each scrap which bore the least allusion to the
matter.

Eight sailors had been killed, but although their bodies were not
produced their families were satisfied with the statement that a clash
with customs officers had occurred. The same statement also covered
the numerous cases of wounds, all of which were extensively bandaged
and treated only by Dr. Jabez Bowen, who had accompanied the party.
Hardest to explain was the nameless odor clinging to all the raiders,
a thing which was discussed for weeks. Of the citizen leaders, Captain
Whipple and Moses Brown were most severely hurt, and letters of their
wives testify the bewilderment which their reticence and close guarding
of their bandages produced. Psychologically every participant was
aged, sobered, and shaken. It is fortunate that they were all strong
men of action and simple, orthodox religionists, for with more subtle
introspectiveness and mental complexity they would have fared ill
indeed. President Manning was the most disturbed; but even he outgrew
the darkest shadow, and smothered memories in prayers. Every man of
those leaders had a stirring part to play in later years, and it is
perhaps fortunate that this is so. Little more than a twelve-month
afterward Captain Whipple led the mob who burnt the revenue ship
_Gaspee_, and in this bold act we may trace one step in the blotting
out of unwholesome images.

There was delivered to the widow of Joseph Curwen a sealed leaden
coffin of curious design, obviously found ready on the spot when
needed, in which she was told her husband's body lay. He had, it was
explained, been killed in a customs battle about which it was not
politic to give details. More than this no tongue ever uttered of
Joseph Curwen's end, and Charles Ward had only a single hint wherewith
to construct a theory. This hint was the merest thread--a shaky
underscoring of a passage in Jedediah Orne's confiscated letter to
Curwen, partly copied in Ezra Weeden's handwriting. The copy was found
in the possession of Smith's descendants; and we are left to decide
whether Weeden gave it to his companion after the end, as a mute clue
to the abnormality which had occurred, or whether, as is more probable,
Smith had it before, and added the underscoring himself from what he
had managed to extract from his friend by shrewd guessing and adroit
cross-questioning. The underlined passage is merely this:

    I say to you againe, doe not call up Any that you cannot put downe;
    by the which I meane, Any that can in turn calle up somewhat
    against you, whereby your powerfullest Devices may not be of use.
    Ask of the Lesser, lest the Greater shall not wish to Answer, and
    shall commande more than you.

In the light of this passage, and reflecting on what last unmentionable
allies a beaten man might try to summon in his direst extremity,
Charles Ward may well have wondered whether any citizen of Providence
killed Joseph Curwen.

The deliberate effacement of every memory of the dead man from
Providence life and annals was vastly aided by the influence of the
raiding leaders. They had not at first meant to be so thorough, and
had allowed the widow and her father and child to remain in ignorance
of the true conditions; but Captain Tillinghast was an astute man,
and soon uncovered enough rumors to whet his horror and cause him to
demand that his daughter and grand-daughter change their name, burn the
library and all remaining papers, and chisel the inscription from the
slate slab above Joseph Curwen's grave. He knew Captain Whipple well,
and probably extracted more hints from that bluff mariner than anyone
else ever gained respecting the end of the accursed sorcerer.

From that time on the obliteration of Curwen's memory became
increasingly rigid, extending at last by common consent even to the
town records and files of the _Gazette_. It can be compared in spirit
only to the hush that lay on Oscar Wilde's name for a decade after his
disgrace, and in extent only to the fate of that sinful King of Runagur
in Lord Dunsany's tale, whom the gods decided must not only cease to
be, but must cease ever to have been.

Mrs. Tillinghast, as the widow became known after 1772, sold the
house in Olney Court and resided with her father in Power's Lane till
her death in 1817. The farm at Pawtuxet, shunned by every living
soul, remained to molder through the years; and seemed to decay with
unaccountable rapidity. By 1780 only the stone and brickwork were
standing, and by 1800 even these had fallen to shapeless heaps. None
ventured to pierce the tangled shrubbery on the river-bank behind which
the hillside door may have lain, nor did any try to frame a definite
image of the scenes amidst which Joseph Curwen departed from the
horrors he had wrought.

Only robust old Captain Whipple was heard by alert listeners to mutter
once in awhile to himself, "Pox on that ----, but he had no business to
laugh while he screamed. 'Twas as though the damn'd ---- had some 'at
up his sleeve. For half a crown I'd burn his ---- house."




                    _3. A Search and an Evocation_


Charles Ward, as we have seen, first learned in 1918 of his descent
from Joseph Curwen. That he at once took an intense interest in
everything pertaining to the bygone mystery is not to be wondered at;
for every vague rumor that he had heard of Curwen now became something
vital to himself, in whom flowed Curwen's blood.

In his first delvings there was not the slightest attempt at
secrecy; he talked freely with his family--though his mother was not
particularly pleased to own an ancestor like Curwen--and with the
officials of the various museums and libraries he visited. In applying
to private families for records thought to be in their possession
he made no concealment of his object, and shared the somewhat
amused skepticism with which the accounts of the old diarists and
letter-writers were regarded.

When he came across the Smith diary and archives and encountered
the letter from Jedediah Orne he decided to visit Salem and look
up Curwen's early activities and connections there, which he did
during the Easter vacation of 1919. At the Essex Institute, which
was well known to him from former sojourns in the glamorous old town
of crumbling Puritan gables and clustered gambrel roofs, he was very
kindly received, and unearthed there a considerable amount of Curwen
data. He found that his ancestor was born in Salem-Village, now
Danvers, seven miles from town, on the eighteenth of February (O. S.)
1662-3; and that he had run away to sea at the age of fifteen, not
appearing again for nine years, when he returned with the speech,
dress, and manners of a native Englishman and settled in Salem proper.
At that time he had little to do with his family, but spent most of
his hours with the curious books he had brought from Europe, and the
strange chemicals which came for him on ships from England, France,
and Holland. Certain trips of his into the country were the objects of
much local inquisitiveness, and were whisperingly associated with vague
rumors of fires on the hills at night.

Curwen's only close friends had been one Edward Hutchinson of
Salem-Village and one Simon Orne of Salem. Hutchinson had a house well
out toward the woods, and it was not altogether liked by sensitive
people because of the sounds heard there at night. He was said to
entertain strange visitors, and the lights seen from his windows were
not always of the same color. The knowledge he displayed concerning
long-dead persons and long-forgotten events was considered distinctly
unwholesome, and he disappeared about the time the witchcraft panic
began, never to be heard from again. At that time Joseph Curwen also
departed, but his settlement in Providence was soon learned of. Simon
Orne lived in Salem until 1720, when his failure to grow visibly old
began to excite attention. He thereafter disappeared, though thirty
years later his precise counterpart and self-styled son turned up to
claim his property. The claim was allowed on the strength of documents
in Simon Orne's known hand, and Jedediah Orne continued to dwell in
Salem till 1771, when certain letters from Providence citizens to the
Reverend Thomas Barnard and others brought about his quiet removal to
parts unknown.

       *       *       *       *       *

Certain documents by and about all of these strange matters were
available at the Essex Institute, the Court House, and the Registry
of Deeds, and included both harmless commonplaces such as land titles
and bills of sale, and furtive fragments of a more provocative
nature. There were four or five unmistakable allusions to them on
the witchcraft trial records; as when one Hepzibah Lawson swore on
July sixteenth, 1692, at the Court of Oyer and Terminen under Judge
Hathorne, that "fortie Witches and the Blacke Man were wont to meete
in the Woodes behind Mr. Hutchinson's house," and one Amity How
declared at a session of August eighth before Judge Gedney that "Mr.
G. B. (George Burroughs) on that Nighte put the Divell his Marke upon
Bridget S., Jonathan A., _Simon O._, Deliverance W., _Joseph C._,
Susan P., Mehitable C., and Deborah B." Then there was a catalogue of
Hutchinson's uncanny library as found after his disappearance, and an
unfinished manuscript in his handwriting, couched in a cipher none
could read. Ward had a photostatic copy of this manuscript made, and
began to work casually on the cipher as soon as it was delivered to
him. After the following August his labors on the cipher became intense
and feverish, and there is reason to believe from his speech and
conduct that he hit upon the key before October or November. He never
stated, though, whether or not he had succeeded.

But of greatest immediate interest was the Orne material. It took
Ward only a short time to prove from identity of penmanship a thing
he had already considered established from the text of the letter to
Curwen; namely, that Simon Orne and his supposed son were one and the
same person. As Orne had said to his correspondent, it was hardly
safe to live too long in Salem, hence he resorted to a thirty-year
sojourn abroad, and did not return to claim his lands except as a
representative of a new generation. Orne had apparently been careful to
destroy most of his correspondence, but the citizens who took action
in 1771 found and preserved a few letters and papers which excited
their wonder. There were cryptic formulae and diagrams in his and other
hands which Ward now either copied with care or had photographed, and
one extremely mysterious letter in a chirography that the searcher
recognized from items in the Registry of Deeds as positively Joseph
Curwen's.

                                                      Providence, 1 May

    Brother:

    My honour'd Antient friend, due Respects and earnest Wishes to
    Him whom we serve for yr Eternall Power. I am just come upon That
    Which you ought to knowe, concern'g the Matter of the Laste
    Extremite and What to doe regard' yt. I am not dispos'd to followe
    you in go'g Away on acct. of my yeares, for Providence hath not ye
    Sharpeness of ye Bay in hunt'g oute uncommon Things and bringinge
    to Tryall. I am ty'd up in Shippes and Goodes, and cou'd not doe as
    you did, besides the Whiche my Farme, at Pawtuxet hatht under it
    What you Knowe, that Wou'd not Waite for my com'g Backe as an Other.

    But I am not unreadie for harde fortunes, as I have tolde you,
    and have longe Work'd upon ye Way of get'g Backe after ye Laste.
    I laste Night strucke on ye Wordes that bringe up YOGGE-SOTHOTHE,
    and sawe for ye Firste Time that face spoke of by Ibn Schacabac
    in ye ----. And IT said, that ye III Psalme in ye Liber-Damnatus
    holdes ye Clavicle. With Sunne in V House, Saturne in Trine, drawe
    ye Pentagram of Fire, and saye ye ninth Verse thrice. This Verse
    repeate eache Roodemas and Hallow's Eve, and ye thing will brede in
    ye Outside Spheres.

    _And of ye Sede of Olde shal One be borne who shal looke Backe,
    tho' know'g not what he seekes._

    Yett will this availe Nothing if there be no Heir, and if the
    Saltes, or the Way to make the Saltes, bee not Readie for his
    Hande; and here I will owne, I have not taken needed Stepps nor
    founde Much. Ye Process is plaguy harde to come neare, and it
    uses up such a Store of Specimens, I am harde putte to it to get
    Enough, notwithstand'g the Sailors I have from ye Indies. Ye People
    aboute are become Curious, but I can stande them off. Ye gentry
    are worse than ye Populace, be'g more Circumstantiall in their
    Accts. and more believ'd in what they tell. That Parson and Mr.
    Merritt have talk'd some, I am fearfull, but no Thing soe far is
    Dangerous. Ye Chymical substances are easie of get'g, there be'g
    II. goode Chymists in Towne, Dr. Bowen and Sam. Carew. I am foll'g
    oute what Borellus saith, and have Helpe in Abdool Al-Hazred his
    VII. Booke. Whatever I gette, you shal have. And in ye meane While,
    do not neglect to make use of ye Wordes I have here given. I have
    them Righte, but if you Desire to see HIM, imploy the Writinge on
    ye Piece of ----, that I am putt'g in this Packet. Saye ye Verses
    every Roodmas and Hallow's Eve; and if yr Line runn not out, _one
    shal bee in yeares to come that shal looke backe and use what
    Saltes or stuff for Salte you shal leave him_. Job XIV. XIV.

    I rejoice you are again at Salem, and hope I may see you not longe
    hence. I have a goode Stallion, and am think'g of get'g a Coach,
    there be'g one (Mr. Merritt's) in Providence already, tho' ye
    Roades are bad. If you are disposed to travel, doe not pass me
    bye. From Boston take ye Post Road, thro' Dedham, Wrentham, and
    Attleborough, goode Taverns be'g at all these Townes. Stop at Mr.
    Bolcom's in Wrentham, where ye Beddes are finer than Mr. Hatch's,
    but eate at ye other House for their cooke is better. Turne into
    Prov. by Patucket falls, and ye Rd. past Mr. Sayles's Tavern. My
    House opp. Mr. Epenetus Olney's Tavern off ye Towne Street, 1st on
    ye N. side of Olney's Court. Distance from Boston Stone abt. XLIV
    miles.

    Sir, I am yr olde and true friend and Servt. in Almonsin-Metraton.

                                                            Josephus C.

    To Mr. Simon Orne,
    William's-Lane, in Salem.

This letter, oddly enough, was what first gave Ward the exact location
of Curwen's Providence home; for none of the records encountered up to
that time had been at all specific. The place was indeed only a few
squares from his own home on the great hill's higher ground, and was
now the abode of a Negro family much esteemed for occasional washing,
housecleaning, and furnace-tending services. To find, in distant Salem,
such sudden proof of the significance of this familiar rookery in his
own family history, was a highly impressive thing to Ward; and he
resolved to explore the place immediately upon his return.

The more mystical phases of the letter, which he took to be some
extravagant kind of symbolism, frankly baffled him; though he noted
with a thrill of curiosity that the Biblical passage referred to--Job
14, 14--was the familiar verse, "If a man die, shall he live again? All
the days of my appointed time will I wait, till my change come."

        *       *       *       *       *

Young Ward came home in a state of pleasant excitement, and spent
the following Saturday in a long and exhaustive study of the house
in Olney Court. The place, now crumbling with age, had never been a
mansion; but was a modest two-and-a-half story wooden town house of
the familiar Providence Colonial type, with plain peaked roof, large
central chimney, and artistically carved doorway with rayed fan-light,
triangular pediment, and trim Doric pilasters. It had suffered but
little alteration externally, and Ward felt he was gazing on something
very close to the sinister matters of his quest.

The present Negro inhabitants were known to him, and he was very
courteously shown about the interior by old Asa and his stout wife
Hannah. Here there was more change than the outside indicated, and Ward
saw with regret that fully half of the fine scroll-and-urn overmantels
and shell-carved cupboard linings were gone, whilst much of the fine
wainscotting and bolection moulding was marked, hacked, and gouged,
or covered up altogether with cheap wall-paper. It was exciting to
stand within the ancestral walls which had housed such a man of horror
as Joseph Curwen; he saw with a thrill that a monogram had been very
carefully effaced from the ancient brass knocker.

From then until after the close of school Ward spent his time on the
photostatic copy of the Hutchinson cipher and the accumulation of local
Curwen data. The former still proved unyielding; but of the latter
he obtained so much, and so many clues to similar data elsewhere,
that he was ready by July to make a trip to New London and New York
to consult old letters whose presence in those places was indicated.
This trip was very fruitful, for it brought him the Fenner letters
with their terrible description of the Pawtuxet farmhouse raid, and
the Nightingale-Talbot letters in which he learned of the portrait
painted on a panel of the Curwen library. This matter of the portrait
interested him particularly, since he would have given much to know
just what Joseph Curwen looked like; and he decided to make a second
search of the house in Olney Court to see if there might not be some
trace of the ancient features beneath peeling coats of later paint or
layers of mouldy wall-paper.

Early in August that search took place, and Ward went carefully
over the walls of every room sizeable enough to have been by any
possibility the library of the evil builder. He paid especial attention
to the large panels of such overmantels as still remained; and was
keenly excited after about an hour, when on a broad area above the
fireplace in a spacious ground-floor room he became certain that the
surface brought out by the peeling of several coats of paint was
sensibly darker than any ordinary interior paint or the wood beneath it
was likely to have been. A few more careful tests with a thin knife,
and he knew that he had come upon an oil portrait of great extent.
With truly scholarly restraint the youth did not risk the damage which
an immediate attempt to uncover the hidden picture with the knife
might have done, but just retired from the scene of his discovery to
enlist expert help. In three days he returned with an artist of long
experience, Mr. Walter C. Dwight, whose studio is near the foot of
College Hill; and that accomplished restorer of paintings set to work
at once with proper methods and chemical substances. Old Asa and his
wife were duly excited over their strange visitors, and were properly
reimbursed for this invasion of their domestic hearth.

As day by day the work of restoration progressed, Charles Ward looked
on with growing interest at the lines and shades gradually unveiled
after their long oblivion. Dwight had begun at the bottom; hence since
the picture was a three-quarter-length one, the face did not come out
for some time. It was meanwhile seen that the subject was a spare,
well-shaped man with dark-blue coat, embroidered waistcoat, black satin
small-clothes, and white silk stockings, seated in a carved chair
against the background of a window with wharves and ships beyond. When
the head came out it was observed to bear a neat Albemarle wig, and
to possess a thin, calm, undistinguished face which seemed somehow
familiar to both Ward and the artist. Only at the very last, though,
did the restorer and his client begin to gasp with astonishment
at the details of that lean, pallid visage, and to recognize with
a touch of awe the dramatic trick which heredity had played. For
it took the final bath of oil and the final stroke of the delicate
scraper to bring out fully the expression which centuries had hidden;
and to confront the bewildered Charles Dexter Ward, dweller in the
past, with his own living features in the countenance of his horrible
great-great-great-grandfather.

        *       *       *       *       *

Ward brought his parents to see the marvel he had uncovered, and
his father at once determined to purchase the picture despite its
execution on stationary panelling. The resemblance to the boy, despite
an appearance of rather greater age, was marvelous; and it could
be seen that through some trick of atavism the physical contours
of Joseph Curwen had found precise duplication after a century and
a half. Mrs. Ward's resemblance to her ancestor was not at all
marked, though she could recall relatives who had some of the facial
characteristics shared by her son and by the bygone Curwen. She did
not relish the discovery, and told her husband that he had better
burn the picture instead of bringing it home. There was, she averred,
something unwholesome about it; not only intrinsically, but in its very
resemblance to Charles. Mr. Ward, however, was a practical man of power
and affairs--a cotton manufacturer with extensive mills at Riverpoint
in the Pawtuxet Valley--and not one to listen to feminine scruples.
The picture impressed him mightily with its likeness to his son, and
he believed the boy deserved it as a present. In this opinion, it is
needless to say, Charles most heartily concurred; and a few days later
Mr. Ward located the owner of the house--a small rodent-featured person
with a guttural accent--and obtained the whole mantel and overmantel
bearing the picture at a curtly fixed price which cut short the
impending torrent of unctuous haggling.

It now remained to take off the panelling and remove it to the Ward
home, where provisions were made for its thorough restoration and
installation with an electric mock-fireplace in Charles' third-floor
study or library. To Charles was left the task of superintending
this removal, and on the twenty-eighth of August he accompanied two
expert workmen from the Crooker decorating firm to the house in Olney
Court, where the mantel and portrait-bearing overmantel were detached
with great care and precision for transportation in the company's
motor truck. There was left a space of exposed brickwork marking the
chimney's course, and in this young Ward observed a cubical recess
about a foot square, which must have lain directly behind the head
of the portrait. He found, beneath the deep coatings of dust and
soot some loose yellowed papers, a crude, thick copy-book, and a few
moldering textile shreds which may have formed the ribbon binding the
rest together. Blowing away the bulk of the dirt and cinders, he took
up the book and looked at the bold inscription on its cover. It was
in a hand which he had learned to recognize at the Essex Institute,
and proclaimed the volume as the "_Journall and Notes of Jos. Curwen,
Gent., of Providence-Plantations, Late of Salem._"

Excited beyond measure by his discovery, Ward showed the book to the
two curious workmen beside him. Their testimony is absolute as to
the nature and genuineness of the finding, and Dr. Willett relies on
them to help establish his theory that the youth was not mad when he
began his major eccentricities. All the other papers were likewise in
Curwen's handwriting, and one of them seemed especially portentous
because of its inscription: "_To Him Who Shal Come After, How He May
Gett Beyonde Time and Ye Spheres._" Another was in a cipher; the same,
Ward hoped, as the Hutchinson cipher which had hitherto baffled him.
A third, and here the searcher rejoiced, seemed to be a key to the
cipher; whilst the fourth and fifth were addressed respectively to
"Edw. Hutchinson, Armiger" and "Jedediah Orne, Esq.", "or Their Heir or
Heirs, or Those Represent'g Them." The sixth and last was inscribed:
"_Joseph Curwen his Life and Travells Bet'n ye yeares 1678 and 1687: of
Whither He Voyag'd, Where He Stay'd, Whom He Sawe, and What He learnt._"

        *       *       *       *       *

We have now reached the point from which the more academic school of
alienists date Charles Ward's madness. Upon his discovery the youth
had looked immediately at a few of the inner pages of the book and
manuscripts, and had evidently seen something which impressed him
tremendously. Upon returning home he broke the news with an almost
embarrassed air, as if he wished to convey an idea of its supreme
importance without having to exhibit the evidence itself. He did not
even show the titles to his parents, but simply told them that he
had found some documents in Joseph Curwen's handwriting, "mostly in
cipher," which would have to be studied very carefully before yielding
up their true meaning. It is unlikely that he would have shown what he
did to the workmen, had it not been for their unconcealed curiosity. As
it was he doubtless wished to avoid any display of peculiar reticence
which would increase their discussion of the matter.

That night Charles Ward sat up in his room reading the new-found book
and papers, and when day came he did not desist. His meals, on his
urgent request when his mother called to see what was amiss, were
sent up to him; and in the afternoon he appeared only briefly when
the men came to install the Curwen picture and mantelpiece in his
study. The next night he slept in snatches in his clothes, meanwhile
wrestling feverishly with the unraveling of the cipher manuscript. In
the morning his mother saw that he was at work on the photostatic copy
of the Hutchinson cipher, which he had frequently showed her before;
but in response to her query he said that the Curwen key could not be
applied to it. That afternoon he abandoned his work and watched the
men fascinatedly as they finished their installation of the picture
with its woodwork above a cleverly realistic electric log, setting the
mock-fireplace and overmantel a little out from the north wall as if a
chimney existed, and boxing in its sides with panelling to match the
room's. After the workmen went he moved his work into the study and
sat down before it with his eyes half on the cipher and half on the
portrait which stared back at him like a year-adding century-recalling
mirror. His parents subsequently recalling his conduct at this period,
give interesting details anent the policy of concealment which he
practiced. Before servants he seldom hid any paper which he might be
studying, since he rightly assumed that Curwen's intricate and archaic
chirography would be too much for them. With his parents, however,
he was more circumspect; and unless the manuscript in question were
a cipher, or a mere mass of cryptic symbols and unknown ideographs
(as that entitled "_To Him Who Shal Come After_ etc." seemed to be)
he would cover it with some convenient paper until his caller had
departed. At night he kept the papers under lock and key in an antique
cabinet of his, where he also placed them whenever he left the room.
He soon resumed fairly regular hours and habits, except that his long
walks and other outside interests seemed to cease. The opening of
school, where he now began his senior year, seemed a great bore to
him; and he frequently asserted his determination never to bother with
college. He had, he said, important special investigations to make,
which would provide him with more avenues toward knowledge and the
humanities than any university which the world could boast.

During October Ward began visiting the libraries again, but no longer
for the antiquarian matter of his former days. Witchcraft and magic,
occultism and daemonology, were what he sought now; and when Providence
sources proved unfruitful he would take the train for Boston and tap
the wealth of the great library in Copley Square, the Widener Library
at Harvard, or the Zion Research Library in Brookline, where certain
rare works on Biblical subjects are available. He bought extensively,
and fitted up a whole additional set of shelves in his study for newly
acquired works on uncanny subjects; while during the Christmas holidays
he made a round of out-of-town trips including one to Salem to consult
certain records at the Essex Institute.

        *       *       *       *       *

About the middle of January, 1920, there entered Ward's bearing an
element of triumph which he did not explain, and he was no more found
at work upon the Hutchinson cipher. Instead, he inaugurated a dual
policy of chemical research and record-scanning; fitting up for the
one a laboratory in the unused attic of the house, and for the latter
haunting all the sources of vital statistics in Providence. Local
dealers in drugs and scientific supplies, later questioned, gave
astonishingly queer and meaningless catalogues of the substances and
instruments he purchased; but clerks at the State House, the City Hall,
and the various libraries agree as to the definite object of his second
interest. He was searching intensely and feverishly for the grave of
Joseph Curwen, from whose slate slab an older generation had so wisely
blotted the name.

Little by little there grew upon the Ward family the conviction that
something was wrong. His school work was the merest pretence; he had
other concernments now; and when not in his new laboratory with a score
of obsolete alchemical books, could be found either poring over old
burial records downtown or glued to his volumes of occult lore in his
study, where the startlingly--one almost fancied increasingly--similar
features of Joseph Curwen stared blandly at him from the great
overmantel on the north wall.

Late in March Ward added to his archive-searching a ghoulish series of
rambles about the various ancient cemeteries of the city. His quest
had suddenly shifted from the grave of Joseph Curwen to that of one
Naphthali Field; and this shift was explained when, upon going over
the files that he had been over, the investigators actually found a
fragmentary record of Curwen's burial which had escaped the general
obliteration, and which stated that the curious leaden coffin had been
interred "10 ft. S. and 5 ft. W. of Naphthali Field's grave in ye----."
Hence the rambles--from which St. John's (the former King's) churchyard
and the ancient Congregational burying ground in the midst of Swan
Point Cemetery were excluded, since other statistics had shewn that the
only Naphthali Field (obit. 1729) whose grave could have been meant had
been a Baptist.

        *       *       *       *       *

It was toward May when Dr. Willett, at the request of the senior Ward,
and fortified with all the Curwen data which the family had gleaned
from Charles in his non-secretive days, talked with the young man. The
interview was of little value or conclusiveness, for Willett felt at
every moment that Charles was thoroughly master of himself and in touch
with matters of real importance; but it at least forced the secretive
youth to offer some rational explanation of his recent demeanor. Of a
pallid, impassive type not easily showing embarrassment, Ward seemed
quite ready to discuss his pursuits, though not to reveal their object.
He stated that the papers of his ancestor had contained some remarkable
secrets of early scientific knowledge. To take their vivid place in the
history of human thought they must first be correlated by one familiar
with the background out of which they evolved, and to this task of
correlation Ward was now devoting himself. He was seeking to acquire as
fast as possible those neglected arts of old which a true interpreter
of the Curwen data must possess, and hoped in time to make a full
announcement and presentation of the utmost interest to mankind and to
the world of thought.

As to his graveyard search, whose object he freely admitted, but the
details of whose progress he did not relate, he said he had reason to
think that Joseph Curwen's mutilated headstone bore certain mystic
symbols--carved from directions in his will and ignorantly spared by
those who had effaced the name--which were absolutely essential to the
final solution of his cryptic system. Curwen, he believed, had wished
to guard his secret with care; and had consequently distributed the
data in an exceedingly curious fashion. When Dr. Willett asked to see
the mystic documents, Ward displayed much reluctance and tried to put
him off with such things as the photostatic copies of the Hutchinson
cipher and Orne formulae and diagrams; but finally showed him the
exteriors of some of the real Curwen finds--the "_Journal and Notes_,"
the cipher (title in cipher also) and the formula-filled message "_To
Him Who Shal Come After_"--and let him glance inside such as were in
obscure characters.

He also opened the diary at a page carefully selected for its
innocuousness and gave Willett a glimpse of Curwen's connected
handwriting in English. The doctor noted very closely the crabbed and
complicated letters, and the general aura of the seventeenth century
which clung round both penmanship and style despite the writer's
survival into the eighteenth century, and became quickly certain that
the document was genuine. The text itself was relatively trivial, and
Willett recalled only a fragment. But when Dr. Willett turned the leaf,
he was quickly checked by Ward, who almost snatched the book from his
grasp. All that the doctor had a chance to see on the newly opened page
was a brief pair of sentences; but these, strangely enough, lingered
tenaciously in his memory.

They ran: "Ye Verse from Liber-Damnatus be'g spoke V Roodmasses and IV
Hallows-Eves, I am Hopeful ye Thing is breed'g Outside ye Spheres. It
will drawe One who is to Come if I can make sure he shal bee, and he
shall think on Past thinges and looke back thro' all ye yeares, against
ye which I must have ready ye Saltes or That to make 'em with."

Willett saw no more, but somehow this small glimpse gave a new and
vague terror to the painted features of Joseph Curwen which stared
blandly down from the overmantel. Ever after that he entertained the
odd fancy--which his medical skill of course assured him was only a
fancy--that the eyes of the portrait had a sort of tendency to follow
young Charles Ward as he moved about the room. He stopped before
leaving to study the picture closely, marveling at its resemblance to
Charles and memorizing every minute detail of the cryptical, colorless
face, even down to a slight scar or pit in the smooth brow above the
right eye.

Assured by the doctor that Charles' mental health was in no danger,
but that on the other hand he was engaged in researches which might
prove of real importance, the Wards were more lenient than they might
otherwise have been when during the following June the youth made
positive his refusal to attend college. He had, he declared, studies
of much more vital importance to pursue; and intimated a wish to go
abroad the following year in order to avail himself of certain sources
of data not existing in America. The senior Ward, while denying this
latter wish as absurd for a boy of only eighteen, acquiesced regarding
the university; so that after a none too brilliant graduation from the
Moses Brown School there ensued for Charles a three year period of
intensive occult study and graveyard searching.

        *       *       *       *       *

Coming of age in April, 1923, and having previously inherited a small
competence from his maternal grandfather, Ward determined at last to
take the European trip hitherto denied him. Of his proposed itinerary
he would say nothing save that the needs of his studies would carry
him to many places, but he promised to write his parents fully and
faithfully. When they saw he could not be dissuaded, they ceased all
opposition and helped as best they could; so that in June the young
man sailed for Liverpool with the farewell blessings of his father
and mother, who accompanied him to Boston and waved him out of sight
from the White Star pier in Charlestown. Letters soon told of his safe
arrival, and of his securing good quarters in Great Russell Street,
London; where he proposed to stay, shunning all family friends, till
he had exhausted the resources of the British Museum in a certain
direction. Of his daily life he wrote but little, for there was little
to write. Study and experiment consumed all his time, and he mentioned
a laboratory which he had established in one of his rooms. That he
said nothing of antiquarian rambles in the glamorous old city with its
luring skyline of ancient domes and steeples and its tangles of roads
and alleys whose mystic convolutions and sudden vistas alternately
beckon and surprise, was taken by his parents as a good index of the
degree to which his new interests had engrossed his mind.

In June, 1924, a brief note told of his departure for Paris, to
which he had before made one or two flying trips for material in the
Bibliotheque Nationale. For three months thereafter he sent only postal
cards, giving an address in the Rue St. Jacques and referring to a
special search among rare manuscripts in the library of an unnamed
private collector. He avoided acquaintances, and no tourists brought
back reports of having seen him. Then came a silence, and in October
the Wards received a picture card from Prague, Czecho-Slovakia, stating
that Charles was in that ancient town for the purpose of conferring
with a certain very aged man supposed to be the last living possessor
of some very curious mediaeval information. He gave an address in
the Newstadt, and announced no move till the following January; when
he dropped several cards from Vienna telling of his passage through
that city on the way toward a more easterly region whither one of his
correspondents and fellow-delvers into the occult had invited him.

The next card was from Klausenburg in Transylvania, and told of
Ward's progress toward his destination. He was going to visit a Baron
Ferenczy, whose estate lay in the mountains east of Rakus; and was to
be addressed at Rakus in the care of that nobleman. Another card from
Rakus a week later, saying that his host's carriage had met him and
that he was leaving the village for the mountains, was his last message
for a considerable time; indeed, he did not reply to his parents'
frequent letters until May, when he wrote to discourage the plan of his
mother for a meeting in London, Paris, or Rome during the summer, when
the elder Wards were planning to travel in Europe. His researches, he
said, were such that he could not leave his present quarters; while
the situation of Baron Ferenczy's castle did not favor visits. It was
on a crag in the dark wooded mountains, and the region was so shunned
by the country folk that normal people could not help feeling ill at
ease. Moreover, the Baron was not a person likely to appeal to correct
and conservative New England gentlefolk. His aspect and manners had
idiosyncrasies, and his age was so great as to be disquieting. It would
be better, Charles said, if his parents would wait for his return to
Providence; which could scarcely be far distant.

That return did not, however, take place until May, 1925, when after a
few heralding cards the young wanderer quietly slipped into New York on
the _Homeric_ and traversed the long miles to Providence by motor coach
eagerly drinking in the green rolling hills, the fragrant, blossoming
orchards, and the white steepled towns of Connecticut in spring; his
first taste of ancient New England in nearly four years.

Old Providence! It was this place and the mysterious forces of its
long, continuous history which had brought him into being, and which
had drawn him back toward marvels and secrets whose boundaries no
prophet might fix. Here lay the arcana, wondrous or dreadful as the
case might be, for which all his years of travel and application
had been preparing him. A taxicab whirled him through Post Office
Square with its glimpse of the river, and up the steep curved slope
of Waterman Street to Prospect. Then eight squares past the fine old
estates his childish eyes had known, and the quaint brick sidewalks
so often trodden by his youthful feet. And at last the little white
overtaken farmhouse on the right, and on the left the classic Adam
porch and stately bayed façade of the great brick house where he was
born. It was twilight, and Charles Dexter Ward had come home.

Ward was now visibly aged and hardened, but was still normal in his
general reactions; and in several talks with Willett displayed
a balance which no madman--even an incipient one--could feign
continuously for long. What elicited the notion of insanity at
this period were the _sounds_ heard at all hours from Ward's attic
laboratory, in which he kept himself most of the time. There were
chantings and repetitions, and thunderous declamations in uncanny
rhythms; and although these sounds were always in Ward's own voice,
there was something in the quality of that voice and in the accents
of the formulae it pronounced, which could not but chill the blood of
every hearer. It was noticed that Nig, the venerable and beloved black
cat of the household, bristled and arched his back perceptibly when
certain of the tones were heard.

The odors occasionally wafted from the laboratory were likewise
exceedingly strange. Sometimes they were very noxious, but more often
they were aromatic, with a haunting, elusive quality which seemed to
have the power of inducing fantastic images. People who smelled them
had a tendency to glimpse momentary mirages of enormous vistas, with
strange hills or endless avenues of sphinxes and hippogriffs stretching
off into infinite distance. His older aspect increased to a startling
degree his resemblance to the Curwen portrait in his library; and Dr.
Willett would often pause by the latter after a call, marvelling at
the virtual identity, and reflecting that only the small pit above the
picture's right eye now remained to differentiate the long-dead wizard
from the living youth. Frequently he noted peculiar things about;
little wax images of grotesque design on the shelves or tables, and the
half-erased remnants of circles, triangles, and pentagrams in chalk or
charcoal on the cleared central space of the large room. And always
in the night those rhythms and incantations thundered, till it became
very difficult to keep servants or suppress furtive talk of Charles'
madness.

In January, 1927, a peculiar incident occurred. One night about
midnight, as Charles was chanting a ritual whose weird cadence echoed
unpleasantly through the house below, there came a sudden gust of chill
wind from the bay, and a faint, obscure trembling of the earth which
everyone in the neighborhood noted. At the same time the cat exhibited
phenomenal traces of fright, while dogs bayed for as much as a mile
around. This was the prelude to a sharp thunderstorm, anomalous for
the season, which brought with it such a crash that Mr. and Mrs. Ward
believed the house had been struck. They rushed upstairs to see what
damage had been done, but Charles met them at the door to the attic;
pale, resolute, and portentous, with an almost fearsome combination of
triumph and seriousness on his face. He assured them that the house
had not really been struck, and that the storm would soon be over.
The thunder sank to a sort of dull mumbling chuckle and finally died
away. Stars came out, and the stamp of triumph on Charles Ward's face
crystallized into a very singular expression.

        *       *       *       *       *

For two months or more after this incident Ward was less confined
than usual to his laboratory. He exhibited a curious interest in the
weather, and made odd inquiries about the date of the spring thawing of
the ground. One night late in March he left the house after midnight,
and did not return till almost morning; when his mother, being wakeful,
heard a rumbling motor draw up the carriage entrance. Muffled oaths
could be distinguished, and Mrs. Ward, rising and going to the window,
saw four dark figures removing a long, heavy box from a truck at
Charles' direction and carrying it within by the side door. She heard
labored breathing and ponderous footfalls on the stairs, and finally a
dull thumping in the attic; after which the footfalls descended again,
and the four men reappeared outside and drove off in their truck.

The next day Charles resumed his strict attic seclusion, drawing
down the dark shades of his laboratory windows and appearing to be
working on some metal substance. He would open the door to no one,
and steadfastly refused all proffered food. About noon a wrenching
sound followed by a terrible cry and a fall were heard, but when Mrs.
Ward rapped at the door her son at length answered faintly, and told
her that nothing had gone amiss. The hideous and indescribable stench
now welling out was absolutely harmless and unfortunately necessary.
Solitude was the one prime essential, and he would appear later for
dinner. That afternoon, after the conclusion of some odd hissing sounds
which came from behind the locked portal, he did finally appear;
wearing an extremely haggard aspect and forbidding anyone to enter
the laboratory upon any pretext. This, indeed, proved the beginning
of a new policy of secrecy; for never afterward was any other person
permitted to visit either the mysterious garret workroom or the
adjacent storeroom which he cleared out, furnished roughly, and added
to his inviolably private domain as a sleeping apartment. Here he
lived, with books brought up from his library beneath, till the time
he purchased the Pawtuxet bungalow and moved to it all his scientific
effects.

In the evening Charles secured the paper before the rest of the family
and damaged part of it through an apparent accident. Later on Dr.
Willett, having fixed the date from statements by various members
of the household, looked up an intact copy at the _Journal_ office
and found that in the destroyed section the following small item had
occurred:

          Nocturnal Diggers Surprised in North Burial Ground

    Robert Hart, night watchman at the North Burial Ground, this
    morning discovered a party of several men with a motor truck in
    the oldest part of the cemetery, but apparently frightened them off
    before they had accomplished whatever their object may have been.

    The discovery took place at about four o'clock, when Hart's
    attention was attracted by the sound of a motor outside his
    shelter. Investigating, he saw a large truck on the main drive
    several rods away; but could not reach it before the sound of his
    feet on the gravel had revealed his approach. The men hastily
    placed a large box in the truck and drove away toward the street
    before they could be overtaken; and since no known grave was
    disturbed, Hart believes that this box was an object which they
    wished to bury.

    The diggers must have been at work for a long while before
    detection, for Hart found an enormous hole dug at a considerable
    distance back from the roadway in the lot of Amosa Field, where
    most of the old stones have long ago disappeared. The hole, a place
    as large and deep as a grave, was empty; and did not coincide with
    any interment mentioned in the cemetery records.

    Sergeant Riley of the Second Station viewed the spot and gave the
    opinion that the hole was dug by bootleggers rather gruesomely and
    ingeniously seeking a safe cache for liquor in a place not likely
    to be disturbed. In reply to questions Hart said he thought the
    escaping truck had headed up Rochambeau Avenue, though he could not
    be sure.

During the next few days Charles Ward was seldom seen by his family.
Having added sleeping quarters to his attic realm, he kept closely to
himself there, ordering food brought to the door and not taking it
in until after the servant had gone away. The droning of monotonous
formulae and the chanting of bizarre rhythms recurred at intervals,
while at other times occasional listeners could detect the sound of
tinkling glass, hissing chemicals, running water, or roaring gas
flames. Odors of the most unplaceable quality, wholly unlike any before
noted, hung at times around the door; and the air of tension observable
in the young recluse whenever he did venture briefly forth was such as
to excite the keenest speculation. Once he made a hasty trip to the
Athenaeum for a book he required, and again he hired a messenger to
fetch him a highly obscure volume from Boston. Suspense was written
portentously over the whole situation, and both the family and Dr.
Willett confessed themselves wholly at a loss what to do or think about
it.

       *       *       *       *       *

Then on the fifteenth of April a strange development occurred. While
nothing appeared to grow different in kind, there was certainly a very
terrible difference in degree; and Dr. Willett somehow attaches great
significance to the change. The day was Good Friday, a circumstance of
which the servants made much, but which others quite naturally dismiss
as an irrelevant coincidence. Late in the afternoon young Ward began
repeating a certain formula in a singularly loud voice, at the same
time burning some substance so pungent that its fumes escaped over the
entire house. The formula was so plainly audible in the hall outside
the locked door that Mrs. Ward could not help memorizing it as she
waited and listened anxiously, and later on she was able to write it
down at Dr. Willett's request. It ran as follows, and experts have told
Dr. Willett that its very close analogue can be found in the mystic
writings of "Eliphas Levi," that cryptic soul who crept through a crack
in the forbidden door and glimpsed the frightful vistas of the void
beyond:

    Per Adonai Eloim, Adonai Jehova, Adonai Sabaoth, Metraton Ou
    Agla Methon, verbum pythonicum, mysterium salamandrae, conventus
    sylvorum, antra, gnomorum, daemonia Coeli God, Almonsin, Gibor,
    Jehosua, Evam, Zariatnatmik, veni, veni, veni.

This had been going on for two hours without change or intermission
when over all the neighborhood a pandemoniac howling of dogs set in.
The extent of this howling can be judged from the space it received
in the papers the next day, but to those in the Ward household it was
over-shadowed by the odor which instantly followed it; a hideous,
all-pervasive odour which none of them had ever smelt before or have
ever smelt since. In the midst of this mephitic flood there came a
very perceptible flash like that of lightning, which would have been
blinding and impressive but for the daylight around; and then was heard
_the voice_ that no listener can ever forget because of its thunderous
remoteness, its incredible depth, and its eldritch dissimilarity to
Charles Ward's voice. It shook the house, and was clearly heard by at
least two neighbors above the howling of the dogs. Mrs. Ward, who had
been listening in despair outside her son's locked laboratory, shivered
as she recognized its hellish import; for Charles had told her of its
evil fame in dark books, and of the manner in which it had thundered,
according to the Fenner letters, above the doomed Pawtuxet farmhouse on
the night of Joseph Curwen's annihilation. There was no mistaking that
nightmare phrase, for Charles had described it too vividly in the old
days when he had talked frankly of his Curwen investigations. And yet
it was only this fragment of an archaic and forgotten language: "DIES
MIES JESCHET BOENE DOESEF DOUVEMA ENITEMAUS."

Close upon this thundering there came a momentary darkening
of the daylight, though sunset was still an hour distant,
and then a puff of added odor, different from the first but
equally unknown and intolerable. Charles was chanting again
now and his mother could hear syllables that sounded like
"Yi-ngah-Yog-Sothoth-he-lglb-fi-throdag"--ending in a "Yah!" whose
maniacal force mounted in an ear-splitting crescendo. A second later
all previous memories were effaced by the wailing scream which burst
out with frantic explosiveness and gradually changed form to a paroxysm
of diabolic and hysterical laughter. Mrs. Ward, with the mingled fear
and blind courage of maternity, advanced and knocked affrightedly
at the concealing panels, but obtained no sign of recognition. She
knocked again, but paused nervelessly as a second shriek arose, this
one unmistakably in the familiar voice of her son, and _sounding
concurrently with the still bursting cachinnations of that other
voice_. Presently she fainted, although she is still unable to recall
the precise and immediate cause. Memory sometimes makes merciful
deletions.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Ward returned from the business section at about quarter past
six; and not finding his wife downstairs, was told by the frightened
servants that she was probably watching at Charles' door, from which
the sounds had been far stranger than ever before. Mounting the stairs
at once, he saw Mrs. Ward stretched at full length on the floor of the
corridor outside the laboratory; and realizing that she had fainted,
hastened to fetch a glass of water from a set bowl in a neighboring
alcove. Dashing the cold fluid in her face, he was heartened to observe
an immediate response on her part, and was watching the bewildered
opening of her eyes when a chill shot through him and threatened to
reduce him to the very state from which she was emerging. For the
seemingly silent laboratory was not as silent as it had appeared to be,
but held the murmurs of a tense, muffled conversation in tones too low
for comprehension, yet of a quality profoundly disturbing to the soul.

It was not, of course, new for Charles to mutter formulae; but this
muttering was definitely different. It was so palpably a dialogue, or
imitation of a dialogue, with the regular alternation of inflections
suggesting question and answer, statement and response. One voice
was undisguisedly that of Charles, but the other had a depth and
hollowness which the youth's best powers of ceremonial mimicry had
scarcely approached before. There was something hideous, blasphemous,
and abnormal about it, and but for a cry from his recovering wife
which cleared his mind by arousing his protective instincts, it is not
likely that Theodore Howland Ward could have maintained for nearly
a year more his old boast that he had never fainted. As it was, he
seized his wife in his arms and bore her quickly downstairs before
she could notice the voices which had so horribly disturbed him. Even
so, however, he was not quick enough to escape catching something
himself which caused him to stagger dangerously with his burden. For
Mrs. Ward's cry had evidently been heard by others than he and there
had come in response to it from behind the locked door the first
distinguishable words which that hushed and terrible colloquy had
yielded. They were merely an excited caution in Charles' own voice, but
somehow their implications held a nameless fright for the father who
overheard them. The phrase was just this: "_Sshh!--write!_"

Mr. and Mrs. Ward conferred at some length after dinner, and the former
resolved to have a firm and serious talk with Charles that very night.
No matter how important the object, such conduct could no longer be
permitted; for these latest developments transcended every limit of
sanity and formed a menace to the order and nervous well-being of the
entire household. The youth must indeed have taken complete leave of
his senses, since only downright madness could have prompted the wild
screams and imaginary conversations in assumed voices which the present
day had brought forth. All this must be stopped, or Mrs. Ward would be
made ill and the keeping of servants become an impossibility.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Ward rose at the close of the meal and started upstairs for
Charles' laboratory. On the third floor, however, he paused at the
sounds which he heard proceeding from the now disused library of his
son. Books were apparently being flung about and papers wildly rustled,
and upon stepping to the door Mr. Ward beheld the youth within,
excitedly assembling a vast armful of literary matter of every size
and shape. Charles' aspect was very drawn and haggard, and he dropped
his entire load with a start at the sound of his father's voice. At
the elder man's command he sat down, and for some time listened to the
admonitions he had so long deserved. There was no scene. At the end of
the lecture he agreed that his father was right, and that his noises,
mutterings, incantations, and chemical odors were indeed inexcusable
nuisances. For the fright and fainting of his mother he expressed the
keenest contrition, and explained that the conversation later heard
was part of an elaborate symbolism designed to create a certain mental
atmosphere. His use of abstruse chemical terms somewhat bewildered
Mr. Ward, but the parting impression was one of undeniable sanity and
poise, despite a mysterious tension of the utmost gravity. Mr. Ward
hardly knew what to make of the entire business. It was as mysterious
as the death of poor old Nig, whose stiffening form had been found an
hour before in the basement, with staring eyes and fear-distorted mouth.

Driven by some vague detective instinct, the bewildered parent now
glanced curiously at the vacant shelves to see what his son had
taken up to the attic. The youth's library was plainly and rigidly
classified, so that one might tell at a glance the books or at least
the kind of books which had been withdrawn. On this occasion Mr. Ward
was astonished to find that nothing of the occult or the antiquarian,
beyond what had been previously removed, was missing. These new
withdrawals were all modern items; histories, scientific treatises,
geographies, manuals of literature, philosophic works, and certain
contemporary newspapers and magazines. It was a very curious shift
from Charles Ward's recent run of reading, and the father paused in a
growing vortex of perplexity and an engulfing sense of strangeness. The
strangeness was a very poignant sensation, and almost clawed at his
chest as he strove to see just what was wrong around him. Something was
indeed wrong, and tangibly as well as spiritually so.

On the north wall rose still the ancient carved overmantel from the
house in Olney Court, but to the cracked and precariously restored
oils of the large Curwen portrait disaster had come. Time and unequal
heating had done their work at last, and at some time since the room's
last cleaning the worst had happened. Peeling clear of the wood,
curling tighter and tighter, and finally crumbling into small bits with
what must have been malignly silent suddenness, the portrait of Joseph
Curwen had resigned for ever its staring surveillance of the youth it
so strangely resembled, and now lay scattered on the floor as a thin
coating of fine bluish-gray dust.




                     _4. A Mutation and a Madness_


In the week following that memorable Good Friday, Charles Ward was seen
more often than usual, and was continually carrying books between his
library and the attic laboratory. His actions were quiet and rational,
but he had a furtive, hunted look which his mother did not like, and
developed an incredibly ravenous appetite as gauged by his demands upon
the cook.

Dr. Willett had been told of those Friday noises and happenings, and
on the following Tuesday had a long conversation with the youth in the
library where the picture stared no more. The interview was, as always,
inconclusive; but Willett is still ready to swear that the youth
was sane and himself at the time. He held out promises of an early
revelation, and spoke of the need of securing a laboratory elsewhere.
At the loss of the portrait he grieved singularly little considering
his first enthusiasm over it, but seemed to find something of positive
humor in its sudden crumbling.

About the second week Charles began to be absent from the house for
long periods, and one day when good old black Hannah came to help with
the spring cleaning she mentioned his frequent visits to the old house
in Olney Court, where he would come with a large valise and perform
curious delvings in the cellar. He was always very liberal to her and
to old Asa, but seemed more worried than he used to be; which grieved
her very much, since she had watched him grow up from birth.

Another report of his doings came from Pawtuxet, where some friends
of the family saw him at a distance a surprising number of times. He
seemed to haunt the resort and canoe-house of Rhodes-on-the-Pawtuxet,
and subsequent inquiries by Dr. Willett at that place brought out
the fact that his purpose was always to secure access to the rather
hedged-in river-bank, along which he would walk toward the north,
usually not reappearing for a very long while.

Later in May came a momentary revival of ritualistic sounds in the
attic laboratory which brought a stern reproof from Mr. Ward and a
somewhat distracted promise of amendment from Charles. It occurred one
morning, and seemed to form a resumption of the imaginary conversation
noted on that turbulent Good Friday. The youth was arguing or
remonstrating hotly with himself, for there suddenly burst forth a
perfectly distinguishable series of clashing shouts in differentiated
tones like alternate demands and denials, which caused Mrs. Ward to run
upstairs and listen at the door. She could hear no more than a fragment
whose only plain words were "must have it red for three months," and
upon her knocking all sounds ceased at once. When Charles was later
questioned by his father he said that there were certain conflicts of
spheres of consciousness which only great skill could avoid, but which
he would try to transfer to other realms.

About the middle of June a queer nocturnal incident occurred. In the
early evening there had been some noise and thumping in the laboratory
upstairs, and Mr. Ward was on the point of investigating when it
suddenly quieted down. That midnight, after the family had retired, the
butler was nightlocking the front door when according to his statement
Charles appeared somewhat blunderingly and uncertainly at the foot of
the stairs with a large suitcase and made signs that he wished egress.
The youth spoke no word, but the worthy Yorkshireman caught one sight
of his fevered eyes and trembled causelessly. He opened the door and
young Ward went out, but in the morning he presented his resignation to
Mrs. Ward. There was, he said, something unholy in the glance Charles
had fixed on him. It was no way for a young gentleman to look at an
honest person, and he could not possibly stay another night. Mrs. Ward
allowed the man to depart, but she did not value his statement highly.
To fancy Charles in a savage state that night was quite ridiculous, for
as long as she had remained awake she had heard faint sounds from the
laboratory above; sounds as if of sobbing and pacing, and of a sighing
which told only of despair's profoundest depths. Mrs. Ward had grown
used to listening for sounds in the night, for the mystery of her son
was fast driving all else from her mind.

The next evening, much as on another evening nearly three months
before, Charles Ward seized the newspaper very early and accidentally
lost the main section. This matter was not recalled till later,
when Dr. Willett began checking up loose ends and searching out
missing links here and there. In the _Journal_ office he found the
section which Charles had lost, and marked two items as of possible
significance. They were as follows:

                         More Cemetery Delving

 It was this morning discovered by Robert Hart, night watchman at the
 North Burial ground, that ghouls were again at work in the ancient
 portion of the cemetery. The grave of Ezra Weeden, who was born
 in 1740 and died in 1824 according to his uprooted and savagely
 splintered slate headstone, was found excavated and rifled, the work
 being evidently done with a spade stolen from an adjacent tool shed.

    Whatever the contents may have been after more than a century of
    burial, all was gone except a few slivers of decayed wood. There
    were no wheel tracks, but the police have measured a single set of
    footprints which they found in the vicinity, and which indicate the
    boots of a man of refinement.

    Hart is inclined to link this incident with the digging
    discovered last March, when a party in a motor truck were
    frightened away after making a deep excavation; but Sergeant Riley
    of the Second Station discounts this theory and points to vital
    differences in the two cases. In March the digging had been in a
    spot where no grave was known; but this time a well-marked and
    cared-for grave had been rifled with every evidence of deliberate
    purpose and with a conscious malignity expressed in the splintering
    of the slab which had been intact up to the day before.

    Members of the Weeden family, notified of the happening, expressed
    their astonishment and regret; and were wholly unable to think of
    any enemy who would care to violate the grave of their ancestor.
    Hazard Weeden of 598 Angell Street recalls a family legend
    according to which Ezra Weeden was involved in some very peculiar
    circumstances, not dishonourable to himself, shortly before the
    Revolution; but of any modern feud or mystery he is frankly
    ignorant. Inspector Cunningham has been assigned to the case, and
    hopes to uncover some valuable clues in the near future.


                        Dogs Noisy in Pawtuxet

    Residents of Pawtuxet were aroused about three A.M. today by a
    phenomenal baying of dogs which seemed to centre near the river
    just north of Rhodes-on-the-Pawtuxet. The volume and quality of
    the howling were unusually odd, according to most who heard it;
    and Fred Lemdin, night watchman at Rhodes, declares it was mixed
    with something very like the shrieks of a man in mortal terror
    and agony. A sharp and very brief thunderstorm, which seemed to
    strike somewhere near the bank of the river, put an end to the
    disturbance. Strange and unpleasant odours, probably from the oil
    tanks along the bay, are popularly linked with this incident; and
    may have had their share in exciting the dogs.

The aspect of Charles now became very haggard and hunted, and all
agree in retrospect that he may have wished at this period to make
some statement or confession from which sheer terror withheld him. The
morbid listening of his mother in the night brought out the fact that
he made frequent sallies abroad under cover of darkness, and most of
the more academic alienists unite at present in charging him with the
revolting cases of vampirism which the press so sensationally reported
about this time, but which have not yet been definitely traced to any
known perpetrator. These cases, too recent and celebrated to need
detailed mention, involved victims of every age and type and seemed
to cluster around two distinct localities; the residential hill and
the North End, near the Ward home, and the suburban districts across
the Cranston line near Pawtuxet. Both late wayfarers and sleepers with
open windows were attacked, and those who lived to tell the tale spoke
unanimously of a lean, lithe, leaping monster with burning eyes which
fastened its teeth in the throat or upper arm and feasted ravenously.

[Illustration: "These cases of Vampirism involved victims of every age
and type."]

Dr. Willett, who refuses to date the madness of Charles Ward as far
back as even this, is cautious in attempting to explain these horrors.
He has, he declares, certain theories of his own; and limits his
positive statements to a peculiar kind of negation. "I will not,"
he says, "state who or what I believe perpetrated these attacks and
murders, but I will declare that Charles Ward was innocent of them. I
have reason to be sure he was ignorant of the taste of blood, as indeed
his continued anaemic decline and increasing pallor prove better than
any verbal argument. Ward meddled with terrible things, but he has paid
for it, and he was never a monster or a villain.

"As for now, I don't like to think. A change came, and I'm content to
believe that the old Charles Ward died with it. His soul did, anyhow,
for that mad flesh that vanished from Waite's hospital had another."

Willett speaks with authority, for he was often at the Ward home
attending Mrs. Ward, whose nerves had begun to snap under the strain.
Her nocturnal listening had bred some morbid hallucinations which
she confided to the doctor with hesitancy, and which he ridiculed in
talking to her, although they made him ponder deeply when alone. These
delusions always concerned the faint sounds which she fancied she heard
in the attic laboratory and bedroom, and emphasized the occurrence
of muffled sighs and sobbings at the most impossible times. Early in
July Willett ordered Mrs. Ward to Atlantic City for an indefinite
recuperative sojourn, and cautioned both Mr. Ward and the haggard and
elusive Charles to write her only cheering letters. It is probably
to this enforced and reluctant escape that she owes her life and
continued sanity.

       *       *       *       *       *

Not long after his mother's departure Charles Ward began negotiating
for the Pawtuxet bungalow. It was a squalid little wooden edifice with
a concrete garage, perched high on the sparsely settled bank of the
river slightly above Rhodes, but for some odd reason the youth would
have nothing else. He gave the real-estate agencies no peace till one
of them secured it for him at an exorbitant price from a somewhat
reluctant owner, and as soon as it was vacant he took possession under
cover of darkness, transporting in a great closed van the entire
contents of his attic laboratory, including the books both weird and
modern which he had borrowed from his study. He had this van loaded in
the black small hours, and his father recalls only a drowsy realization
of stifled oaths and stamping feet on the night the goods were taken
away. After that Charles moved back to his own old quarters on the
third floor, and never haunted the attic again.

To the Pawtuxet bungalow Charles transferred all the secrecy with
which he had surrounded his attic realm, save that he now appeared to
have two sharers of his mysteries; a villainous-looking Portuguese
half-caste from the South Main Street Waterfront who acted as a
servant, and a thin scholarly stranger with dark glasses and a
stubbly full beard of dyed aspect whose status was evidently that of
a colleague. Neighbors vainly tried to engage these odd persons in
conversation. The mulatto, Gomes, spoke very little English, and the
bearded man who gave his name as Dr. Allen voluntarily followed his
example. Ward himself tried to be more affable, but succeeded only in
provoking curiosity with his rambling accounts of chemical research.
Before long queer tales began to circulate regarding the all-night
burning of lights; and somewhat later, after this burning had suddenly
ceased, there rose still queerer tales of disproportionate orders of
meat from the butcher's and of the muffled shouting, declamation,
rhythmic chanting, and screaming supposed to come from some very deep
cellar below the place. Most distinctly the new and strange household
was bitterly disliked by the honest bourgeoisie of the vicinity, and it
is not remarkable that dark hints were advanced connecting the hated
establishment with the current epidemic of vampiristic attacks and
murders; especially since the radius of that plague seemed now confined
wholly to Pawtuxet and the adjacent streets of Edgewood.

Ward spent most of his time at the bungalow, but slept occasionally at
home and was still reckoned a dweller beneath his father's roof. Twice
he was absent from the city on week-long trips, whose destinations have
not yet been discovered. He grew steadily paler and more emaciated even
than before, and lacked some of his former assurance when repeating
to Dr. Willett his old, old story of vital research and future
revelations. Willett often waylaid him at his father's house, for the
elder Ward was deeply worried and perplexed, and wished his son to get
as much sound oversight as could be managed in the case of so secretive
and independent an adult. The doctor still insists that the youth was
sane even as late as this, and adduces many a conversation to prove his
point.

About September the vampirism declined, but in the following January,
Ward almost became involved in serious trouble. For some time the
nocturnal arrival and departure of motor trucks at the Pawtuxet
bungalow had been commented upon, and at this juncture an unforeseen
hitch exposed the nature of at least one item of their contents. In a
lonely spot near Hope Valley had occurred one of the frequent sordid
waylayings of trucks by "hi-jackers" in quest of liquor shipments,
but this time the robbers had been destined to receive the greater
shock. For the long cases they seized proved upon opening to contain
some exceedingly gruesome things; so gruesome, in fact, that the matter
could not be kept quiet amongst the denizens of the underworld. The
thieves had hastily buried what they discovered, but when the State
Police got wind of the matter a careful search was made. A recently
arrested vagrant, under promise of immunity from prosecution on any
additional charge, at last consented to guide a party of troopers to
the spot; and there was found in that hasty cache a very hideous and
shameful thing. It would not be well for the national--or even the
international--sense of decorum if the public were ever to know what
was uncovered by that awestruck party. There was no mistaking it, even
by these far from studious officers; and telegrams to Washington ensued
with feverish rapidity.

The cases were addressed to Charles Ward at his Pawtuxet bungalow,
and State and Federal officials at once paid him a very forceful and
serious call. They found him pallid and worried with his two odd
companions, and received from him what seemed to be a valid explanation
and evidence of innocence. He had needed certain anatomical specimens
as part of a program of research whose depth and genuineness anyone
who had known him in the last decade could prove, and had ordered
the required kind and number from agencies which he had thought as
reasonably legitimate as such things can be. Of the _identity_ of the
specimens he had known absolutely nothing, and was properly shocked
when the inspectors hinted at the monstrous effect on public sentiment
and national dignity which a knowledge of the matter would produce. In
this statement he was firmly sustained by his bearded colleague Dr.
Allen, whose oddly hollow voice carried even more conviction than his
own nervous tones; so that in the end the officials took no action,
but carefully set down the New York name and address which Ward gave
them as a basis for a search which came to nothing. It is only fair
to add that the specimens were quickly and quietly restored to their
proper places, and that the general public will never know of their
blasphemous disturbance.

       *       *       *       *       *

On February 9, 1928, Dr. Willett received a letter from Charles Ward
which he considers of extraordinary importance, and about which he has
frequently quarreled with Dr. Lyman. Lyman believes that this note
contains positive proof of a well-developed case of _dementia praecox_,
but Willett on the other hand regards it as the last perfectly sane
utterance of the hapless youth. He calls especial attention to the
normal character of the penmanship; which though shewing traces of
shattered nerves, is nevertheless distinctly Ward's own. The text in
full is as follows:

                                                      100 Prospect St.,
                                                     Providence, R. I.,
                                                         March 8, 1928.

    Dear Dr. Willett--

    I feel that at last the time has come for me to make the
    disclosures which I have so long promised you, and for which you
    have pressed me so often. The patience you have shewn in waiting,
    and the confidence you have shewn in my mind and integrity, are
    things I shall never cease to appreciate.

    And now that I am ready to speak, I must own with humiliation
    that no triumph such as I dreamed of can ever be mine. Instead
    of triumph I have found terror, and my talk with you will not be
    a boast of victory but a plea for help and advice in saving both
    myself and the world from a horror beyond all human conception
    or calculation. You recall what those Fenner letters said of the
    old raiding party at Pawtuxet. That must all be done again, and
    quickly. Upon us depends more than can be put into words--all
    civilisation, all natural law, perhaps even the fate of the solar
    system and the universe. I have brought to light a monstrous
    abnormality, but I did it for the sake of knowledge. Now for the
    sake of all life and nature you must help me thrust it back into
    the dark again.

    I have left that Pawtuxet place forever, and we must extirpate
    everything existing there, alive or dead. I shall not go there
    again, and you must not believe it if you ever hear that I am
    there. I will tell you why I say this when I see you. I have come
    home for good, and wish you would call on me at the very first
    moment that you can spare five or six hours continuously to hear
    what I have to say. It will take that long--and believe me when I
    tell you that you never had a more genuine professional duty than
    this. My life and reason are the very least things which hang in
    the balance.

    I dare not tell my father, for he could not grasp the whole thing.
    But I have told him of my danger, and he has four men from a
    detective agency watching the house. I don't know how much good
    they can do, for they have against them forces which even you could
    scarcely envisage or acknowledge. So come quickly if you wish to
    see me alive and hear how you may help to save the cosmos from
    stark hell.

    Any time will do--I shall not be out of the house. Don't telephone
    ahead, for there is no telling who or what may try to intercept
    you. And let us pray to whatever gods there be that nothing may
    prevent this meeting.

    In utmost gravity and desperation,

                                                   Charles Dexter Ward.

    P. S.--Shoot Dr. Allen on sight _and dissolve his body in acid.
    Don't burn it._

Dr. Willett received this note about ten-thirty a.m., and immediately
arranged to spare the whole late afternoon and evening for the
momentous talk, letting it extend on into the night as long as might
be necessary. He planned to arrive about four o'clock, and through
all the intervening hours was so engulfed in every sort of wild
speculation that most of his tasks were very mechanically performed.
Maniacal as the letter would have sounded to a stranger, Willett had
seen too much of Charles Ward's oddities to dismiss it as sheer raving.
That something very subtle, ancient, and horrible was hovering about
he felt quite sure, and the reference to Dr. Allen could almost be
comprehended in view of what Pawtuxet gossip said of Ward's enigmatical
colleague. Willett had never seen the man, but had heard much of his
aspect and bearing, and could not but wonder what sort of eyes those
much-discussed dark glasses might conceal.

Promptly at four Dr. Willett presented himself at the Ward residence,
but found to his annoyance that Charles had not adhered to his
determination to remain indoors. The guards were there, but said that
the young man seemed to have lost part of his timidity. He had that
morning done much apparently frightened arguing and protesting over
the telephone, one of the detectives said, replying to some unknown
voice with phrases such as "I am very tired and must rest awhile,"
"I can't receive anyone for some time, you'll have to excuse me,"
"Please postpone decisive action till we can arrange some sort of
compromise," or "I am very sorry, but I must take a complete vacation
from everything; I'll talk with you later." Then, apparently gaining
boldness through meditation, he had slipped out so quietly that no one
had seen him depart or knew that he had gone until he returned about
one o'clock and entered the house without a word. He had gone upstairs,
where a bit of his fear must have surged back; for he was heard to cry
out in a high terrified fashion upon entering his library, afterward
trailing off into a kind of choking gasp. When, however, the butler had
gone to inquire what the trouble was, he had appeared at the door with
a great show of boldness, and had silently gestured the man away in a
manner that terrified him unaccountably. Then he had evidently done
some rearranging of his shelves, for a great clattering and thumping
and creaking ensued; after which he had reappeared and left at once.
Willett inquired whether or not any message had been left, but was
told that there was none. The butler seemed queerly disturbed about
something in Charles' appearance and manner, and asked solicitously if
there was much hope for a cure of his disordered nerves.

For almost two hours Dr. Willett waited vainly in Charles Ward's
library, watching the dusty shelves with their wide gaps where books
had been removed, and smiling grimly at the paneled overmantel on
the north wall, whence a year before the suave features of old Joseph
Curwen had looked mildly down. After a time the shadows began to
gather, and the sunset cheer gave place to a vague growing terror which
flew shadow-like before the night. Mr. Ward finally arrived, and showed
much surprise and anger at his son's absence after all the pains which
had been taken to guard him. He had not known of Charles' appointment,
and promised to notify Willett when the youth returned. In bidding
the doctor good night he expressed his utter perplexity at his son's
condition, and urged his caller to do all he could to restore the boy
to normal poise. Willett was glad to escape from that library, for
something frightful and unholy seemed to haunt it; as if the vanished
picture had left behind a legacy of evil. He had never liked that
picture; and even now, strong-nerved though he was, there lurked a
quality in its vacant panel which made him feel an urgent need to get
out into the pure air as soon as possible.

       *       *       *       *       *

The next morning Willett received a message from the senior Ward,
saying that Charles was still absent. Mr. Ward mentioned that Dr.
Allen had telephoned him to say that Charles would remain at Pawtuxet
for some time, and that he must not be disturbed. This was necessary
because Allen himself was suddenly called away for an indefinite
period, leaving the researches in need of Charles' constant oversight.
Charles sent his best wishes, and regretted any bother his abrupt
change of plans might have caused. In listening to this message Mr.
Ward heard Dr. Allen's voice for the first time, and it seemed to
excite some vague and elusive memory which could not be actually
placed, but which was disturbing to the point of fearfulness.

Faced by these baffling and contradictory reports, Dr. Willett was
frankly at a loss what to do. The frantic earnestness of Charles'
note was not to be denied, yet what could one think of its writer's
immediate violation of his own expressed policy? Young Ward had written
that his delvings had become blasphemous and menacing, that they and
his bearded colleague must be extirpated at any cost, and that he
himself would never return to their final scene; yet according to
latest advices he had forgotten all this and was back in the thick
of the mystery. Common sense bade one leave the youth alone with his
freakishness, yet some deeper instinct would not permit the impression
of that frenzied letter to subside. Willett read it over again, and
could not make its essence sound as empty and insane as both its
bombastic verbiage and its lack of fulfilment would seem to imply.
Its terror was too profound and real, and in conjunction with what
the doctor already knew evoked too vivid hints of monstrosities from
beyond time and space, to permit of any cynical explanation. There were
nameless horrors abroad; and no matter how little one might be able to
get at them, one ought to stand prepared for any sort of action at any
time.

For over a week Dr. Willett pondered on the dilemma which seemed thrust
upon him, and became more and more inclined to pay Charles a call at
the Pawtuxet bungalow. No friend of the youth had ever ventured to
storm this forbidden retreat, and even his father knew of its interior
only from such descriptions as he chose to give; but Willett felt that
some direct conversation with his patient was necessary. Mr. Ward had
been receiving brief and non-committal typed notes from his son, and
said that Mrs. Ward in her Atlantic City retirement had had no better
word. So at length the doctor resolved to act; and despite a curious
sensation inspired by old legends of Joseph Curwen, and by more recent
revelations and warnings from Charles Ward, set boldly out for the
bungalow on the bluff above the river.

Willett had visited the spot before through sheer curiosity, though of
course never entering the house or proclaiming his presence; hence knew
exactly the route to take. Driving out Broad Street one early afternoon
toward the end of February in his small motor, he thought oddly of the
grim party which had taken that selfsame road a hundred and fifty-seven
years before, on a terrible errand which none might ever comprehend.

The ride through the city's decaying fringe was short, and trim
Edgewood and sleepy Pawtuxet presently spread out ahead. Willett turned
to the right down Lockwood Street and drove his car as far along that
rural road as he could, then alighted and walked north to where the
bluff towered above the lovely bends of the river and the sweep of
misty downlands beyond. Houses were still few here, and there was no
mistaking the isolated bungalow with its concrete garage on a high
point of land at his left. Stepping briskly up the neglected gravel
walk he rapped at the door with a firm hand, and spoke without a tremor
to the evil Portuguese mulatto who opened it to the width of a crack.

He must, he said, see Charles Ward at once on vitally important
business. No excuse would be accepted, and a repulse would mean only
a full report of the matter to the elder Ward. The mulatto still
hesitated, and pushed against the door when Willett attempted to open
it; but the doctor merely raised his voice and renewed his demands.
Then there came from the dark interior a husky whisper which somehow
chilled the hearer through and through, though he did not know why he
feared it. "Let him in, Tony," it said, "we may as well talk now as
ever." But disturbing as was the whisper, the greater fear was that
which immediately followed. The floor creaked and the speaker hove in
sight--and the owner of those strange and resonant tones was seen to be
no other than Charles Dexter Ward.

The minuteness with which Dr. Willett recalled and recorded his
conversation of that afternoon is due to the importance he assigns
to this particular period. For at last he concedes a vital change in
Charles Dexter Ward's mentality, and believes that the youth now spoke
from a brain hopelessly alien to the brain whose growth he had watched
for six and twenty years. Controversy with Dr. Lyman has compelled him
to be very specific, and he definitely dates the madness of Charles
Ward from the time the typewritten notes began to reach his parents.
Those notes are not in Ward's normal style; not even in the style of
that last frantic letter to Willett. Instead, they are strange and
archaic, as if the snapping of the writer's mind had released a flood
of tendencies and impressions picked up unconsciously through boyhood
antiquarianism. There is an obvious effort to be modern, but the spirit
and occasionally the language are those of the past.

       *       *       *       *       *

The past, too, was evident in Ward's every tone and gesture as he
received the doctor in that shadowy bungalow. He bowed, motioned
Willett to a seat, and began to speak abruptly in that strange whisper
which he sought to explain at the very outset.

"I am grown phthisical," he began, "from this cursed river air. You
must excuse my speech. I suppose you are come from my father to see
what ails me, and I hope you will say nothing to alarm him."

Willett was studying these scraping tones with extreme care, but
studying even more closely the face of the speaker. Something, he felt,
was wrong; and he thought of what the family had told him about the
fright of that Yorkshire butler one night. He wished it were not so
dark, but did not request that any blind be opened. Instead, he merely
asked Ward why he had so belied the frantic note of little more than a
week before.

"I was coming to that," the host replied. "You must know, I am in a
very bad state of nerves, and do and say queer things I cannot account
for. As I have told you often, I am on the edge of great matters; and
the bigness of them has a way of making me light-headed. Any man might
well be frighted of what I have found, but I am not to be put off for
long. I was a dunce to have that guard and stick at home; for having
gone this far, my place is here. I am not well spoke of by my prying
neighbors, and perhaps I was led by weakness to believe myself what
they say of me. There is no evil to any in what I do, so long as I do
it rightly. Have the goodness to wait six months, and I'll show you
what will pay your patience well.

"You may as well know I have a way of learning old matters from things
surer than books, and I'll leave you to judge the importance of what I
can give to history, philosophy, and the arts by reason of the doors
I have access to. My ancestor had all this when those witless peeping
Toms came and murdered him. I now have it again, or am coming very
imperfectly to have a part of it. This time nothing must happen, and
least of all through any idiot fears of my own. Pray forget all I writ
you, Sir, and have no fear of this place or any in it. Dr. Allen is a
man of fine parts, and I owe him an apology for anything ill I have
said of him. I wish I had no need to spare him, but there were things
he had to do elsewhere. His zeal is equal to mine in all those matters,
and I suppose that when I feared the work I feared him too as my
greatest helper in it."

Ward paused, and the doctor hardly knew what to say or think. He felt
almost foolish in the face of this calm repudiation of the letter;
and yet there clung to him the fact that while the present discourse
was strange and alien and indubitably mad, the note itself had been
tragic in its naturalness and likeness to the Charles Ward he knew.
Willett now tried to turn the talk on early matters, and recall to the
youth some past events which would restore a familiar mood; but in
this process he obtained only the most grotesque results. It was the
same with all the alienists later on. Important sections of Charles
Ward's store of mental images, mainly those touching modern times and
his own personal life, had been unaccountably expunged; while all the
massed antiquarianism of his youth had welled up from some profound
subconsciousness to engulf the contemporary and the individual. The
youth's ultimate knowledge of elder things was abnormal and unholy, and
he tried his best to hide it. When Willett would mention some favorite
object of his boyhood archaistic studies he often shed by pure accident
such a light as no normal mortal could conceivably be expected to
possess, and the doctor shuddered as the glib allusion glided by.

It was not wholesome to know so much about the way the fat sheriff's
wig fell off as he leaned over at the play in Mr. Douglass' Histrionick
Academy in King Street on the eleventh of February, 1762, which fell of
a Thursday; or about how the actors cut the text of Steele's "Conscious
Lover" so badly that one was almost glad the Baptist-ridden legislature
closed the theater a fortnight later. That Thomas Sabin's Boston coach
was "damn'd uncomfortable" old letters may well have told; but what
healthy antiquarian could recall how the creaking of Epenetus Olney's
new signboard (the gaudy Crown he set up after he took to calling his
tavern the Crown Coffee House) was exactly like the first few notes of
the new jazz piece all the radios in Pawtuxet were playing?

Ward, however, would not be quizzed long in this vein. Modern and
personal topics he waved aside quite summarily, whilst regarding
antique affairs he soon shewed the plainest boredom. What he wished
clearly enough was only to satisfy his visitor enough to make him
depart without the intention of returning. To this end he offered to
shew Willett the entire house, and at once proceeded to lead the doctor
through every room from cellar to attic. Willett looked sharply, but
noted that the visible books were far too few and trivial ever to have
filled the wide gaps on Ward's shelves at home, and that the meager
so-called "laboratory" was the flimsiest sort of a blind. Clearly,
there were a library and a laboratory elsewhere; but just where, it
was impossible to say. Essentially defeated in his quest for something
he could not name, Willett returned to town before evening and told
the senior Ward everything which had occurred. They agreed that the
youth must be definitely out of his mind, but decided that nothing
drastic need be done just then. Above all, Mrs. Ward must be kept in as
complete an ignorance as her son's own strange typed notes would permit.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Ward now determined to call in person upon his son, making it
wholly a surprise visit. Dr. Willett took him in his car one evening,
guiding him to within sight of the bungalow and waiting patiently for
his return. The session was a long one, and the father emerged in a
very saddened and perplexed state. His reception had developed much
like Willett's, save that Charles had been an excessively long time
in appearing after the visitor had forced his way into the hall and
sent the Portuguese away with an imperative demand; and in the bearing
of the altered son there was no trace of filial affection. The lights
had been dim, yet even so the youth had complained that they dazzled
him outrageously. He had not spoke out loud at all, averring that his
throat was in a very poor condition; but in his hoarse whisper there
was a quality so vaguely disturbing that Mr. Ward could not banish it
from his mind.

Now definitely leagued together to do all they could toward the youth's
mental salvation, Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett set about collecting
every scrap of data which the case might afford. Pawtuxet gossip was
the first item they studied, and this was relatively easy to glean
since both had friends in that region. Dr. Willett obtained the most
rumors because people talked more frankly to him than to a parent of
the central figure, and from all he heard he could tell that young
Ward's life had become indeed a strange one. Common tongues would
not dissociate his household from the vampirism of the previous
summer, while the nocturnal comings and goings of the motor trucks
provided their share of dark speculation. Local tradesmen spoke of
the queerness of the orders brought them by the evil-looking mulatto,
and in particular of the inordinate amounts of meat and fresh blood
secured from the two butcher shops in the immediate neighborhood. For a
household of only three, these quantities were quite absurd.

Then there was the matter of the sounds beneath the earth. Reports of
these things were harder to pin down, but all the vague hints tallied
in certain basic essentials. Noises of a ritual nature positively
existed, and at times when the bungalow was dark. They might, of
course, have come from the known cellar; but rumor insisted that there
were deeper and more spreading crypts. Recalling the ancient tales of
Joseph Curwen's catacombs, and assuming for granted that the present
bungalow had been selected because of its situation on the old Curwen
site as revealed in one or another of the documents found behind the
picture, Willett and Mr. Ward gave this phase of the gossip much
attention; and searched many times without success for the door in the
river bank which old manuscripts mentioned. As to popular opinions of
the bungalow's various inhabitants, it was soon plain that the Brava
Portuguese was loathed, the bearded and spectacled Dr. Allen feared,
and the pallid young scholar disliked to a profound extent. During
the last week or two Ward had obviously changed much, abandoning his
attempts at affability and speaking only in hoarse but oddly repellent
whispers on the few occasions that he ventured forth.

Such were the shreds and fragments gathered here and there; and over
these Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett held many long and serious conferences.
They strove to exercise deduction, induction, and constructive
imagination to their utmost extent; and to correlate every known fact
of Charles' later life, including the frantic letter which the doctor
now shewed the father, with the meager documentary evidence available
concerning old Joseph Curwen. They would have given much for a glimpse
of the papers Charles had found, for very clearly the key to the
youth's madness lay in what he had learned of the ancient wizard and
his doings.

And yet, after all, it was from no step of Mr. Ward's or Dr. Willett's
that the next move in this singular case proceeded. The father and
the physician, rebuffed and confused by a shadow too shapeless and
intangible to combat, had rested uneasily on their oars while the
typed notes of young Ward to his parents grew fewer and fewer. Then
came the first of the month with its customary financial adjustments,
and the clerks at certain banks began a peculiar shaking of heads and
telephoning from one to the other. Officials who knew Charles Ward
by sight went down to the bungalow to ask why every cheque of his
appearing at this juncture was a clumsy forgery, and were reassured
less than they ought to have been when the youth hoarsely explained
that his hand had lately been so much affected by a nervous shock as
to make normal writing impossible. He could, he said, form no written
characters at all except with great difficulty; and could prove it by
the fact that he had been forced to type all his recent letters, even
those to his father and mother, who would bear out the assertion.

What made the investigators pause in confusion was not this
circumstance alone, for that was nothing unprecedented or fundamentally
suspicious; nor even the Pawtuxet gossip, of which one or two of them
had caught echoes. It was the muddled discourse of the young man
which nonplussed them, implying as it did a virtually total loss of
memory concerning important monetary matters which he had had at his
fingertips only a month or two before. Something was wrong; for despite
the apparent coherence and rationality of his speech, there could be
no normal reason for this ill-concealed blankness on vital points.
Moreover, although none of these men knew Ward well, they could not
help observing the change in his language and manner. They had heard
he was an antiquarian, but even the most hopeless antiquarians do not
make daily use of obsolete phraseology and gestures. Altogether, this
combination of hoarseness, palsied hands, bad memory, and altered
speech and bearing must represent some disturbance or malady of genuine
gravity, which, no doubt, formed the basis of the prevailing odd
rumors; and after their departure the party of officials decided that a
talk with the senior Ward was imperative.

       *       *       *       *       *

So on the sixth of March, 1928, there was a long and serious conference
in Mr. Ward's office, after which the utterly bewildered father
summoned Dr. Willett in a kind of helpless resignation. Willett looked
over the strained and awkward signatures of the cheques, and compared
them in his mind with the penmanship of that last frantic note.
Certainly, the change was radical and profound, and yet there was
something damnably familiar about the new writing. It had crabbed and
archaic tendencies of a very curious sort, and seemed to result from a
type of stroke utterly different from that which the youth had always
used. It was strange--but where had he seen it before? On the whole, it
was obvious that Charles was insane. Of that there could be no doubt.
And since it appeared unlikely that he could handle his property or
continue to deal with the outside world much longer, something must
quickly be done toward his oversight and possible cure. It was then
that the alienists were called in, Drs. Peck and Waite of Providence
and Dr. Lyman of Boston, to whom Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett gave the most
exhaustive possible history of the case, and who conferred at length
in the now unused library of their young patient, examining what books
and papers of his were left in order to gain some further notion of
his habitual mental cast. After scanning this material and examining
the meaningless note to Willett, they all agreed that Charles Ward's
studies had been enough to unseat or at least to warp any ordinary
intellect, and wished most heartily that they could see his more
intimate volumes and documents; but this latter they knew they could
do, if at all, only after a scene at the bungalow itself. Willett now
reviewed the whole case with febrile energy; it being at this time that
he obtained the statements of the workmen who had seen Charles find the
Curwen documents, and that he collated the incidents of the destroyed
newspaper items, looking up the latter at the _Journal_ office.

On Thursday, the eighth of March, Drs. Willett, Peck, Lyman and Waite,
accompanied by Mr. Ward, paid the youth their momentous call; making
no concealment of their object and questioning the now acknowledged
patient with extreme minuteness. Charles, though he was ordinately
long in answering the summons and was still redolent of strange
and noxious laboratory odors when he did finally make his agitated
appearance, proved a far from recalcitrant subject; and admitted
freely that his memory and balance had suffered somewhat from close
application to abstruse studies. He offered no resistance when his
removal to other quarters was insisted upon; and seemed, indeed, to
display a high degree of intelligence as apart from mere memory. His
conduct would have sent his interviewers away in bafflement had not
the persistently archaic trend of his speech and the unmistakable
replacement of modern by ancient ideas in his consciousness marked
him out as one definitely removed from the normal. Of his work he
would say no more to the group of doctors than he had formerly said to
his family and to Dr. Willett, and his frantic note of the previous
month he dismissed as mere nerves and hysteria. He insisted that the
shadowy bungalow possessed no library or laboratory beyond the visible
ones, and waxed abstruse in explaining the absence from the house of
such odors as now saturated all his clothing. Neighborhood gossip he
attributed to nothing more than the cheap inventiveness of baffled
curiosity. Of the whereabouts of Dr. Allen he said he did not feel
at liberty to speak definitely, but assured his inquisitors that the
bearded and spectacled man would return when needed. In paying off
the stolid Brava who resisted all questioning by the visitors, and in
closing the bungalow which still seemed to hold such nighted secrets,
Ward shewed no sign of nervousness save a barely noticed tendency to
pause as though listening for something very faint. He was apparently
animated by a calmly philosophic resignation, as if his removal were
the merest transient incident which would cause the least trouble if
facilitated and disposed of once and for all. It was clear that he
trusted to his obviously unimpaired keenness of absolute mentality to
overcome all the embarrassments into which his twisted memory, his
lost voice and handwriting, and his secretive and eccentric behavior
had led him. His mother, it was agreed, was not to be told of the
change; his father supplying typed notes in his name. Ward was taken to
the restfully and picturesquely situated private hospital maintained
by Dr. Waite on Conanicut Island in the bay, and subjected to the
closest scrutiny and questioning by all the physicians connected
with the case. It was then that the physical oddities were noticed;
the slackened metabolism, the altered skin, and the disproportionate
neural reactions. Dr. Willett was the most perturbed of the various
examiners, for he had attended Ward all his life and could appreciate
with terrible keenness the extent of his physical disorganization. Even
the familiar olive-mark on his hip was gone, while on his chest was a
great black mole or cicatrice which had never been there before, and
which made Willett wonder whether the youth had ever submitted to any
of the "witch markings" reputed to be inflicted at certain unwholesome
nocturnal meetings in wild and lonely places. The doctor could not keep
his mind off a certain transcribed witch-trial record from Salem which
Charles had shewn him in the old non-secretive days, and which read:
"Mr. G. B. on that Nighte putt ye Divell his Marke upon Bridget S.,
Jonathan A., Simon O., Deliverance W., Joseph C., Susan P., Mehitable
C., and Deborah B." Ward's face, too, troubled him horribly, till at
length he suddenly discovered why he was horrified. Above the young
man's right eye was something which he had never previously noticed--a
small scar or pit precisely like that in the crumbled painting of
old Joseph Curwen, and perhaps attesting some hideous ritualistic
inoculation to which both had submitted at a certain stage of their
occult careers.

While Ward himself was puzzling all the doctors at the hospital, a very
strict watch was kept on all mail addressed either to him or to Dr.
Allen, which Mr. Ward had ordered delivered at the family home. Willett
had predicted that very little would be found, since any communications
of a vital nature would probably have been exchanged by messenger; but
in the latter part of March there did come a letter from Prague for Dr.
Allen which gave both the doctor and the father deep thought. It was in
a very crabbed and archaic hand; and though clearly not the effort of a
foreigner, shewed almost as singular a departure from modern English as
the speech of young Ward himself. It read:

                                                       Kleinstrasse 11,
                                                      Altstadt, Prague,
                                                       11th Feby. 1928.

    Brother in Almousin-Metraton!--

    I this day receiv'd yr mention of what came up from the Salts I
    sent you. It was wrong, and meanes clearly that ye Headstones had
    been chang'd when Barnabas gott me the Specimen. It is often so,
    as you must be sensible of from the Thing you gott from ye King's
    Chapell ground in 1769 and what H. gott from Olde Bury'g Point in
    1690, that was like to ende him. I gott such a Thing in Aegypt 75
    yeares gone, from the which came that Scar ye Boy saw on me here
    in 1924. As I told you longe ago, do not calle up That which you
    can not put downe; either from dead Saltes or out of ye Spheres
    beyond. Have ye Wordes for laying at all times readie, and stopp
    not to be sure when there is any Doubte of _Whom_ you have. Stones
    are all chang'd now in Nine groundes out of 10. You are never sure
    till you question. I this day heard from H., who has had Trouble
    with the Soldiers. He is like to be sorry Transylvania is pass'd
    from Hungary to Roumania, and wou'd change his Seat if the Castel
    weren't so fulle of What we Knowe. But of this he hath doubtless
    writ you. In my next Send'g there will be Somewhat from a Hill
    tomb from ye East that will delight you greatly. Meanwhile forget
    not I am desirous of B. F. if you can possibly get him for me. You
    know G. in Philadelphia better than I. Have him up firste if you
    will, but doe not use him soe hard he will be Difficult, for I must
    speake to him in ye Ende.

                                                Yogg-Sothoth Neblod Zin
                                                               Simon O.

    To Mr. J. C. in
    Providence.

Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett paused in utter chaos before this apparent
bit of unrelieved insanity. Only by degrees did they absorb what it
seemed to imply. So the absent Dr. Allen, and not Charles Ward, had
come to be the leading spirit at Pawtuxet? That must explain the wild
reference and denunciation in the youth's last frantic letter. And
what of this addressing of the bearded and spectacled stranger as "Mr.
J. C.?" There was no escaping the inference, but there are limits to
possible monstrosity. Who was "Simon O."; the old man Ward had visited
in Prague four years previously? Perhaps, but in the centuries behind
there had been another Simon O.--Simon Orne, alias Jedediah, of Salem,
who vanished in 1771, _and whose peculiar handwriting Dr. Willett
now unmistakably recognized from the photostatic copies of the Orne
formulae which Charles had once shewn him_. What horrors and mysteries,
what contradictions and contraventions of nature, had come back after a
century and a half to harass Old Providence with her clustered spires
and domes?

The father and the old physician, virtually at a loss what to do or
think, went to see Charles at the hospital and questioned him as
delicately as they could about Dr. Allen, and the Prague visit, and
about what he had learned of Simon or Jedediah Orne of Salem. To all
these inquiries the youth was politely non-committal, merely barking
in his hoarse whisper that he had found Dr. Allen to have a remarkable
spiritual rapport with certain souls from the past, and that any
correspondent that the bearded man might have in Prague would probably
be similarly gifted. When they left, Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett realized
to their chagrin that they had really been the ones under catechism;
and that without imparting anything vital himself, the confined youth
had adroitly pumped them of everything the Prague letter had contained.

Drs. Peck, Waite, and Lyman were not inclined to attach much
importance to the strange correspondence of young Ward's companion; for
they knew the tendency of kindred eccentrics and monomaniacs to band
together, and believed that Charles or Allen had merely unearthed an
expatriated counterpart--perhaps one who had seen Orne's handwriting
and copied it in an attempt to pose as the bygone character's
reincarnation. Allen himself was perhaps a similar case, and may have
persuaded the youth into accepting him as an avatar of the long-dead
Curwen. Such things had been known before, and on the same basis the
hard-headed doctors disposed of Willett's growing disquiet about
Charles Ward's present handwriting, as studied from unpremeditated
specimens obtained by various ruses. Willett thought he had placed its
odd familiarity at last, and that what it vaguely resembled was the
bygone penmanship of old Joseph Curwen himself; but this the other
physicians regarded as a phase of imitativeness only to be expected
in a mania of this sort, and refused to grant it any importance
either favorable or unfavorable. Recognizing this prosaic attitude
in his colleagues, Willett advised Mr. Ward to keep to himself the
letter which arrived for Dr. Allen on the second of April from Rakus,
Transylvania, in a handwriting so intensely and fundamentally like that
of the Hutchinson cipher that both father and physician paused in awe
before breaking the seal. This read as follows:

                                                       Castle Ferenczy,
                                                          7 March 1928.

    Dear C.--

    Hadd a Squd of 20 Militia up to talk about what the Country Folk
    say. Must digg deeper and have less Hearde. These Roumanians
    plague one damnably, being officious and particular where you
    cou'd buy a Magyar off with a Drinke and food. Last Monthe M. got
    me ye sarcophagus of ye Five Sphinxes from ye Acropolis where He
    whome I call'd up say'd it wou'd be, and I have hadde 3 Talkes
    _with What was therein inhum'd_. It will go to S. O. in Prague
    directly, and thence to you. It is stubborn but you know ye Way
    with Such. You shew Wisdom in having lesse about than Before;
    for there was no Neede to keep the Guards in Shape and eat'g off
    their Heades, and it made much to be founde in case of Trouble, as
    you too welle know. You can now move and Worke elsewhere with no
    Kill'g Trouble if nedful, though I hope no Thing will soon force
    you to so Bothersome a Course. I rejoice that you traffick not so
    much with _Those Outside_; for there was ever a Mortall Peril in
    it, and you are sensible what it did when you asked Protection of
    One not dispos'd to give it. You excel me in gett'g ye formulae
    so _another_ may saye them with Success, but Borellus fancy'd it
    wou'd be so if just ye right Wordes were hadd. Does ye Boy use 'em
    often? I regret that he growes squeamish, as I fear'd he wou'd when
    I hadde him here nigh fiften Monthes, but am sensible you knowe how
    to deal with him. You can't saye him down with ye Formula, for that
    will Worke only upon such as ye other Formula hath call'd up from
    Saltes; but you still have strong Handes and Knife and Pistol, and
    Graves are not harde to digg, nor Acids loth to burne. O. sayes
    you have promis'd him B. F. I must have him after. B. goes to you
    soone, and may he give you what you wishe of that Darke Thing
    belowe Memphis. Imploy care in what you calle up, and beware of ye
    Boy. It will be ripe in a yeare's time to have up ye Legions from
    Underneath, and then there are no Boundes to what shal be oures.
    Have Confidence in what I saye, for you knowe O. and I have hadd
    these 150 yeares more than you to consulte these Matters in.

                                                  Nephreu--Ka nai Hadoh
                                                                Edw: H.

    For J. Curwen, Esq.
    Providence.

But if Willett and Mr. Ward refrained from shewing this letter to
the alienists, they did not refrain from acting upon it themselves.
No amount of learned sophistry could controvert the fact that the
strangely bearded and spectacled Dr. Allen, of whom Charles' frantic
letter had spoken as such a monstrous menace, was in close and sinister
correspondence with two inexplicable creatures whom Ward had visited
in his travels and who plainly claimed to be survivals or avatars of
Curwen's old Salem colleagues; that he was regarding himself as the
reincarnation of Joseph Curwen, and that he entertained--or was at
least advised to entertain--murderous designs against a "boy" who could
scarcely be other than Charles Ward. There was organized horror afoot;
and no matter who had started it, the missing Allen was by this time
at the bottom of it. Therefore, thanking Heaven that Charles was now
safe in the hospital, Mr. Ward lost no time in engaging detectives to
learn all they could of the cryptic bearded doctor; finding whence he
had come and what Pawtuxet knew of him, and if possible discovering
his current whereabouts. Supplying the men with one of the bungalow
keys which Charles had yielded up, he urged them to explore Allen's
vacant room which had been identified when the patient's belongings had
been packed; obtaining what clues they could from any effects he might
have left about. Mr. Ward talked with the detectives in his son's old
library, and they felt a marked relief when they left it at last; for
there seemed to hover about the place a vague aura of evil. Perhaps it
was what they had heard of the infamous old wizard whose picture had
once stared from the paneled overmantel, and perhaps it was something
different and irrelevant; but in any case they all half-sensed an
intangible miasma which centered in that carven vestige of an older
dwelling and which at times almost rose to the intensity of a material
emanation.




                   _5. A Nightmare and a Cataclysm_


And now swiftly followed that hideous experience which has left its
indelible mark of fear on the soul of Marinus Bicknell Willett, and
has added a decade to the visible age of one whose youth was even then
far behind. Dr. Willett had conferred at length with Mr. Ward, and had
come to an agreement with him on several points which both felt the
alienists would ridicule. There was, they conceded, a terrible movement
alive in the world, whose direct connection with a necromancy even
older than the Salem witchcraft could not be doubted. That at least
two living men--and one other of whom they dared not think--were in
absolute possession of minds or personalities which had functioned as
early as 1690 or before was likewise almost unassailably proved even in
the face of all known natural laws. What these horrible creatures--and
Charles Ward as well--were doing or trying to do seemed fairly clear
from their letters and from every bit of light both old and new which
had filtered in upon the case. They were robbing the tombs of all the
ages, including those of the world's wisest and greatest men, in the
hope of recovering from bygone ashes some vestige of the consciousness
and lore which had once animated and informed them.

A hideous traffic was going on among these nightmare ghouls, whereby
illustrious bones were bartered with the calm calculativeness of
schoolboys swapping books; and from what was extorted from this
centuried dust there was anticipated a power and a wisdom beyond
anything which the cosmos had ever seen concentrated in one man or
group. They had found unholy ways to keep their brains alive, either
in the same body or different bodies; and had evidently achieved a way
of tapping the consciousness of the dead whom they gathered together.
There had, it seems, been some truth in chimerical old Borellus when
he wrote of preparing from even the most antique remains certain
"Essential Saltes" from which the shade of a long-dead living thing
might be raised up. There was a formula for evoking such a shade, and
another for putting it down; and it had now been so perfected that it
could be taught successfully. One must be careful about evocations, for
the markers of old graves are not always accurate.

Willett and Mr. Ward shivered as they passed from conclusion to
conclusion. Things--presences or voices of some sort--could be drawn
down from unknown places as well as from the grave, and in this process
also one must be careful. Joseph Curwen had indubitably evoked many
forbidden things, and as for Charles--what might one think of him?
What forces "outside the spheres" had reached him from Joseph Curwen's
day and turned his mind on forgotten things? He had been led to find
certain directions, and he had used them. He had talked with the man
of horror in Prague and stayed long with the creature in the mountains
of Transylvania. And he must have found the grave of Joseph Curwen at
last. That newspaper item and what his mother had heard in the night
were too significant to overlook. Then he had summoned something, and
it must have come. That mighty voice aloft on Good Friday, and those
_different_ tones in the locked attic laboratory. What were they
like, with their depth and hollowness? Was there not here some awful
foreshadowing of the dreaded stranger Dr. Allen with his spectral bass?
Yes, _that_ was what Mr. Ward had felt with vague horror in his single
talk with the man--if man it were--over the telephone!

What hellish consciousness or voice, what morbid shade or presence,
had come to answer Charles Ward's secret rites behind that locked
door? Those voices heard in argument--"must have it red for three
months"--Good God! Was not that just before the vampirism broke out?
The rifling of Ezra Weeden's ancient grave, and the cries later at
Pawtuxet--whose mind had planned the vengeance and rediscovered the
shunned seat of elder blasphemies? And then the bungalow and the
bearded stranger, and the gossip, and the fear. The final madness of
Charles neither father nor doctor could attempt to explain, but they
did feel sure that the mind of Joseph Curwen had come to earth again
and was following its ancient morbidities. Was demoniac possession
in truth a possibility? Allen had something to do with it, and the
detectives must find out more about one whose existence menaced the
young man's life. In the meantime, since the existence of some vast
crypt beneath the bungalow seemed virtually beyond dispute, some
effort must be made to find it. Willett and Mr. Ward, conscious of
the sceptical attitude of the alienists, resolved during their final
conference to undertake a joint secret exploration of unparalleled
thoroughness; and agreed to meet at the bungalow on the following
morning with valises and with certain tools and accessories suited to
architectural search and underground exploration.

       *       *       *       *       *

The morning of April sixth dawned clear, and both explorers were at the
bungalow by ten o'clock. Mr. Ward had the key, and an entry and cursory
survey were made. From the disordered condition of Dr. Allen's room it
was obvious that the detectives had been there before, and the later
searchers hoped that they had found some clue which might prove of
value. Of course the main business lay in the cellar; so thither they
descended without much delay, again making the circuit which each had
vainly made before in the presence of the mad young owner. For a time
everything seemed baffling, each inch of the earthen floor and stone
walls having so solid and innocuous an aspect that the thought of a
yawning aperture was scarcely to be entertained. Willett reflected that
since the original cellar was dug without knowledge of any catacombs
beneath, the beginning of the passage would represent the strictly
modern delving of young Ward and his associates, where they had probed
for the ancient vaults whose rumor could have reached them by no
wholesome means.

The doctor tried to put himself in Charles' place and see how a delver
would be likely to start, but could not gain much inspiration from this
method. Then he decided on elimination as a policy, and went carefully
over the whole subterranean surface both vertical and horizontal,
trying to account for every inch separately. He was soon substantially
narrowed down, and at last had nothing left but the small platform
before the washtubs, which he had tried once before in vain. Now
experimenting in every possible way, and exerting a double strength,
he finally found that the top did indeed turn and slide horizontally
on a corner pivot. Beneath it lay a trim concrete surface with an iron
man-hole, to which Mr. Ward at once rushed with excited zeal. The
cover was not hard to lift, and the father had quite removed it when
Willett noticed the queerness of his aspect. He was swaying and nodding
dizzily, and in the gust of noxious air which swept up from the black
pit beneath the doctor soon recognized ample cause.

In a moment Dr. Willett had his fainting companion on the floor above
and was reviving him with cold water. Mr. Ward responded feebly, but it
could be seen that the mephitic blast from the crypt had in some way
gravely sickened him. Wishing to take no chances, Willett hastened out
to Broad Street for a taxicab and had soon dispatched the sufferer home
despite his weak-voiced protests; after which he produced an electric
torch, covered his nostrils with a band of sterile gauze, and descended
once more to peer into the new-found depths. The foul air had now
slightly abated, and Willett was able to send a beam of light down the
Stygian hole. For about ten feet, he saw, it was a sheer cylindrical
drop with concrete walls and an iron ladder; after which the hole
appeared to strike a flight of old stone steps which must originally
have emerged to earth somewhat southward of the present building.

       *       *       *       *       *

Willett freely admits that for a moment the memory of the old Curwen
legends kept him from climbing down alone into that malodorous gulf.
He could not help thinking of what Luke Fenner had reported on that
last monstrous night. Then duty asserted itself and he made the plunge,
carrying a great valise for the removal of whatever papers might
prove of supreme importance. Slowly, as befitted one of his years,
he descended the ladder and reached the slimy steps below. This was
ancient masonry, his torch told him; and upon the dripping walls he
saw the unwholesome moss of centuries. Down, down, ran the steps; not
spirally, but in three abrupt turns; and with such narrowness that two
men could have passed only with difficulty. He had counted about thirty
when a sound reached him very faintly; and after that he did not feel
disposed to count any more.

It was a godless sound; one of those low-keyed, insidious outrages
of nature which are not meant to be. To call it a dull wail, a
doom-dragged whine, or a hopeless howl of chorused anguish and
stricken flesh without mind would be to miss its most quintessential
loathesomeness and soul-sickening overtones. Was it for this that
Ward had seemed to listen on that day he was removed? It was the most
shocking thing that Willett had ever heard, and it continued from
no determinate point as the doctor reached the bottom of the steps
and cast his torchlight around on lofty corridor walls surmounted by
Cyclopean vaulting and pierced by numberless black archways. The hall
in which he stood was perhaps fourteen feet high to the middle of
the vaulting and ten or twelve feet broad. Its pavement was of large
chipped flagstones, and its walls and roof were of dressed masonry. Its
length he could not imagine, for it stretched ahead indefinitely into
the blackness. Of the archways, some had doors of the old six-paneled
colonial type, whilst others had none.

Overcoming the dread induced by the smell and the howling, Willett
began to explore these archways one by one; finding beyond them
rooms with groined stone ceilings, each of medium size and apparently
of bizarre uses. Most of them had fireplaces, the upper courses of
whose chimneys would have formed an interesting study in engineering.
Never before or since had he seen such instruments or suggestions
of instruments as here loomed up on every hand through the burying
dust and cobwebs of a century and a half, in many cases evidently
shattered as if by the ancient raiders. For many of the chambers
seemed wholly untrodden by modern feet, and must have represented the
earliest and most obsolete phases of Joseph Curwen's experimentation.
Finally there came a room of obvious modernity, or at least of recent
occupancy. There were oil heaters, bookshelves and tables, chairs and
cabinets, and a desk piled high with papers of varying antiquity and
contemporaneousness. Candlesticks and oil lamps stood about in several
places; and finding a match safe handy, Willett lighted such as were
ready for use.

In the fuller gleam it appeared that this apartment was nothing less
than the latest study or library of Charles Ward. Of the books the
doctor had seen many before, and a good part of the furniture had
plainly come from the Prospect Street mansion. Here and there was
a piece well known to Willett, and the sense of familiarity became
so great that he half forgot the noisomeness and the wailing, both
of which were plainer here than they had been at the foot of the
steps. His first duty, as planned long ahead, was to find and seize
any papers which might seem of vital importance; especially those
portentous documents found by Charles so long ago behind the picture
in Olney Court. As he searched he perceived how stupendous a task the
final unraveling would be; for file on file was stuffed with papers
in curious hands and bearing curious designs, so that months or even
years might be needed for a thorough deciphering and editing. Once he
found large packets of letters with Prague and Rakus postmarks, and in
writing clearly recognizable as Orne's and Hutchinson's; all of which
he took with him as part of the bundle to be removed in his valise.

At last, in a locked mahogany cabinet once gracing the Ward home,
Willett found the batch of old Curwen papers; recognizing them from
the reluctant glimpse Charles had granted him so many years ago. The
youth had evidently kept them together very much as they had been when
first he found them, since all the titles recalled by the workmen were
present except the papers addressed to Orne and Hutchinson, and the
cipher with its key. Willett placed the entire lot in his valise and
continued his examination of the files. Since young Ward's immediate
condition was the greatest matter at stake, the closest searching was
done among the most obviously recent matter; and in this abundance of
contemporary manuscript one very baffling oddity was noted. That oddity
was the slight amount in Charles' normal writing, which indeed included
nothing more recent than two months before. On the other hand, there
were literally reams of symbols and formulae, historical notes and
philosophical comment, in a crabbed penmanship absolutely identical
with the ancient script of Joseph Curwen, though of undeniably modern
dating. Plainly, a part of the latter-day program had been a sedulous
imitation of the old wizard's writing, which Charles seemed to have
carried to a marvelous state of perfection. Of any third hand which
might have been Allen's there was not a trace. If he had indeed come to
be the leader, he must have forced young Ward to act as his amanuensis.

In this new material one mystic formula, or rather pair of formulae,
recurred so often that Willett had it by heart before he had half
finished his quest. It consisted of two parallel columns, the left-hand
one surmounted by the archaic symbol called "Dragon's Head" and used
in almanacs to indicate the ascending node, and the right-hand one
headed by the corresponding sign of "Dragon's Tail" or descending
node. The appearance of the whole was something like this, and almost
unconsciously the doctor realized that the second half was no more
than the first written syllabically backward with the exception of the
final monosyllables and of the odd name _Yog-Sothoth_, which he had
come to recognize under various spellings from other things he had
seen in connection with this horrible matter. The formulae were as
follows--_exactly_ so, as Willett is abundantly able to testify--and
the first one struck an odd note of uncomfortable latent memory in his
brain, which he recognized later when reviewing the events of that
horrible Good Friday of the previous year.

[Illustration:

    Y'AI 'NG'NGAH,
    _YOG-SOTHOTH_
    H'EE----L'GEB
    F'AI THRODOG
    _UAAAH_
]

[Illustration:

    OGTHROD AI'F
    GEB'L----EE'H
    _YOG-SOTHOTH_
    'NGAH'NG AI'Y
    _ZHRO_
]

So haunting were these formulae, and so frequently did he come upon
them, that before the doctor knew it he was repeating them under his
breath. Eventually, however, he felt he had secured all the papers he
could digest to advantage for the present; hence resolved to examine no
more till he could bring the sceptical alienists en masse for an ample
and more systematic raid. He had still to find the hidden laboratory,
so leaving his valise in the lighted room he emerged again into the
black noisome corridor whose vaulting echoed ceaselessly with that dull
and hideous whine.

The next few rooms he tried were all abandoned or filled only with
crumbling boxes and ominous-looking leaden coffins; but impressed him
deeply with the magnitude of Joseph Curwen's original operations. He
thought of the slaves and seamen who had disappeared, of the graves
which had been violated in every part of the world, and of what
that final raiding party must have seen; and then he decided it was
better not to think any more. Once a great stone staircase mounted at
his right, and he deduced that this must have reached to one of the
Curwen outbuildings--perhaps the famous stone edifice with the high
slitlike windows--provided the steps he had descended had led from the
steep-roofed farmhouse. Suddenly the walls seemed to fall away ahead,
and the stench and the wailing grew stronger. Willett saw that he had
come upon a vast open space, so great that his torchlight would not
carry across it; and as he advanced he encountered occasional stout
pillars supporting the arches of the roof.

After a time he reached a circle of pillars grouped like the monoliths
of Stonehenge, with a large carved altar on a base of three steps in
the center; and so curious were the carvings on that altar that he
approached to study them with his electric light. But when he saw what
they were he shrank away shuddering, and did not stop to investigate
the dark stains which discolored the upper surface and had spread down
the sides in occasional thin lines. Instead, he found the distant wall
and traced it as it swept around in a gigantic circle perforated by
occasional black doorways and indented by a myriad of shallow cells
with iron gratings and wrist and ankle bonds on chains fastened to the
stone of the concave rear masonry. These cells were empty, but still
the horrible odor and the dismal moaning continued, more insistent
now than ever, and seemingly varied at times by a sort of slippery
thumping.

       *       *       *       *       *

From that frightful smell and that uncanny noise Willett's attention
could no longer be diverted. Both were plainer and more hideous in the
great pillared hall than anywhere else, and carried a vague impression
of being far below, even in this dark nether world of subterrene
mystery. Before trying any of the black archways for steps leading
further down, the doctor cast his beam of light about the stone-flagged
floor. It was very loosely paved, and at irregular intervals there
would occur a slab curiously pierced by small holes in no definite
arrangement, while at one point there lay a very long ladder carelessly
flung down. To this ladder, singularly enough, appeared to cling a
particularly large amount of the frightful odor which encompassed
everything. As he walked slowly about, it suddenly occurred to Willett
that both the noise and the odor seemed strongest directly above the
oddly pierced slabs, as if they might be crude trap-doors leading down
to some still deeper region of horror. Kneeling by one, he worked at it
with his hands, and found that with extreme difficulty he could budge
it. At his touch the moaning beneath ascended to a louder key, and only
with vast trepidation did he persevere in the lifting of the heavy
stone. A stench unnamable now rose from below, and the doctor's head
reeled dizzily as he laid back the slab and turned his torch upon the
exposed square yard of gaping blackness.

If he had expected a flight of steps to some wide gulf of ultimate
abomination, Willett was destined to be disappointed; for amidst
that foetor and cracked whining he discerned only the brick-faced
top of a cylindrical well perhaps a yard and a half in diameter and
devoid of any ladder or other means of descent. As the light shone
down, the wailing changed suddenly to a series of horrible yelps; in
conjunction with which there came again that sound of blind, futile
scrambling and slippery thumping. The explorer trembled, unwilling even
to imagine what noxious thing might be lurking in that abyss; but in
a moment mustered up the courage to peer over the rough-hewn brink;
lying at full length and holding the torch downward at arm's length to
see what might lie below. For a second he could distinguish nothing
but the slimy, moss-grown brick walls sinking illimitably into that
half-tangible miasma of murk and foulness and anguished frenzy; and
then he saw that something dark was leaping clumsily and frantically
up and down at the bottom of the narrow shaft, which must have been
from twenty to twenty-five feet below the stone floor where he lay.
The torch shook in his hand, but he looked again to see what manner
of living creature might be immured there in the darkness of that
unnatural well; left starving by young Ward through all the long month
since the doctors had taken him away, and clearly only one of a vast
number prisoned in the kindred wells whose pierced stone covers so
thickly studded the floor of the great vaulted cavern. Whatever the
things were, they could not lie down in their cramped spaces; but must
have crouched and whined and waited and feebly leaped all those hideous
weeks since their master had abandoned them unheeded.

But Marinus Bicknell Willett was sorry that he looked again; for
surgeon and veteran of the dissecting-room though he was, he has not
been the same since. It is hard to explain just how a single sight of
a tangible object with measurable dimensions could so shake and change
a man; and we may only say that there is about certain outlines and
entities a power of symbolism and suggestion which acts frightfully
on a sensitive thinker's perspective and whispers terrible hints
of obscure cosmic relationships and unnamable realities behind the
protective illusions of common vision. In that second look Willett
saw such an outline or entity, for during the next few instants he was
undoubtedly as stark mad as any inmate of Dr. Waite's private hospital.
He dropped the electric torch from a hand drained of muscular power or
nervous coordination, nor heeded the sound of crunching teeth which
told of its fate at the bottom of the pit. He screamed and screamed
and screamed in a voice whose falsetto panic no acquaintance of his
would ever have recognized, and though he could not rise to his feet he
crawled and rolled desperately away over the damp pavement where dozens
of Tartarean wells poured forth their exhausted whining and yelping
to answer his own insane cries. He tore his hands on the rough, loose
stones, and many times bruised his head against the frequent pillars,
but still he kept on. Then at last he slowly came to himself in the
utter blackness and stench, and stopped his ears against the droning
wail into which the burst of yelping had subsided. He was drenched
with perspiration and without means of producing a light; stricken and
unnerved in the abysmal blackness and horror, and crushed with a memory
he never could efface. Beneath him dozens of those things still lived,
and from one of the shafts the cover was removed. He knew that what he
had seen could never climb up the slippery walls, yet shuddered at the
thought that some obscure foothold might exist.

       *       *       *       *       *

What the thing was, he would never tell. It was like some of the
carvings on the hellish altar, but it was alive. Nature had never made
it in this form, for it was too palpably _unfinished_. The deficiencies
were of the most surprising sort, and the abnormalities of proportion
could not be described. Willett consents only to say that this type
of thing must have represented entities which Ward called up from
_imperfect salts_, and which he kept for servile or ritualistic
purposes. If it had not had a certain significance, its image would not
have been carved on that damnable stone. It was not the worst thing
depicted on that stone--but Willett never opened the other pits. At the
time, the first connected idea in his mind was an idle paragraph from
some of the old Curwen data he had digested long before; a phrase used
by Simon or Jedediah Orne in that portentous confiscated letter to the
bygone sorcerer:

"Certainly, there was Noth'g butt ye liveliest Awfullness in That which
H. rais'd upp from What he cou'd gather onlie a Part of."

Then, horribly supplementing rather than displacing this image, there
came a recollection of those ancient lingering rumors anent the burned
and twisted thing found in the fields a week after the Curwen raid.
Charles Ward had once told the doctor what old Slocum said of that
object; that it was neither thoroughly human, nor wholly allied to any
animal which Pawtuxet folk had ever seen or read about.

These words hummed in the doctor's mind as he rocked to and fro,
squatting on the nitrous stone floor. He tried to drive them out,
and repeated the Lord's Prayer to himself; eventually trailing off
into a mnemonic hodge-podge like the modernistic "Waste Land" of Mr.
T. S. Eliot and finally reverting to the oft-repeated dual formula
he had lately found in Ward's underground library: "_Y'ai 'ng-'ngah,
Yog-Sothoth_," and so on till the final underlined "_Zhro_." It seemed
to soothe him and he staggered to his feet after a time; lamenting
bitterly his fright-lost torch and looking wildly about for any gleam
of light in the clutching inkiness of the chilly air. Think he would
not; but he strained his eyes in every direction for some faint glint
or reflection of the bright illumination he had left in the library.
After awhile he thought he detected a suspicion of a glow infinitely
far away, and toward this he crawled in agonized caution on hands and
knees amidst the stench and howling, always feeling ahead lest he
collide with the numerous great pillars or stumble into the abominable
pit he had uncovered.

Once his shaking fingers touched something which he knew must be the
steps leading to the hellish altar, and from this spot he recoiled
in loathing. At another time he encountered the pierced slab he had
removed, and here his caution became almost pitiful. But he did not
come upon the dread aperture after all, nor did anything issue from
that aperture to detain him. What had been down there made no sound
nor stir. Evidently its crunching of the fallen electric torch had not
been good for it. Each time Willett's fingers felt a perforated slab
he trembled. His passage over it would sometimes increase the groaning
below, but generally it would produce no effect at all, since he moved
very noiselessly. Several times during his progress the glow ahead
diminished perceptibly, and he realized that the various candles and
lamps he had left must be expiring one by one. The thought of being
lost in utter darkness without matches amidst this underground world of
nightmare labyrinths impelled him to rise to his feet and run, which he
could safely do now that he had passed the open pit; for he knew that
once the light failed his only hope of rescue and survival would lie
in whatever relief party Mr. Ward might send after missing him for a
sufficient period.

Presently, however, he emerged from the open space into the narrower
corridor and definitely located the glow as coming from a door on his
right. In a moment he had reached it and was standing once more in
young Ward's secret library, trembling with relief, and watching the
sputterings of that last lamp which had brought him to safety.

       *       *       *       *       *

In another moment he was hastily filling the burned-out lamps from an
oil supply he had previously noticed, and when the room was bright
again he looked about to see if he might find a lantern for further
exploration. For racked though he was with horror, his sense of
grim purpose was still uppermost, and he was firmly determined to
leave no stone unturned in his search for the hideous facts behind
Charles Ward's bizarre madness. Failing to find a lantern, he chose
the smallest of the lamps to carry; also filling his pockets with
candles and matches, and taking with him a gallon can of oil, which
he proposed to keep for reserve use in whatever hidden laboratory he
might uncover beyond the terrible open space with its unclean altar and
nameless covered wells. To traverse that space again would require his
utmost fortitude, but he knew it must be done. Fortunately neither the
frightful altar nor the opened shaft was near the vast cell-indented
wall which bounded the cavern area, and whose black mysterious archways
would form the next goals of a logical search.

So Willett went back to that great pillared hall of stench and
anguished howling; turning down his lamp to avoid any distant glimpse
of the hellish altar, or of the uncovered pit with the pierced stone
slab beside it. Most of the black doorways led merely to small
chambers, some vacant and some evidently used as store rooms; and
in several of the latter he saw some very curious accumulations of
various objects. One was packed with rotting and dust-draped bales
of spare clothing, and the explorer thrilled when he saw that it was
unmistakably the clothing of a century and a half before. In another
room he found numerous odds and ends of modern clothing, as if gradual
provisions were being made to equip a large body of men. But what
he disliked most of all were the huge copper vats which occasionally
appeared; these, and the sinister incrustations upon them. He liked
them even less than the weirdly figured leaden bowls whose ruins
retained such obnoxious deposits and around which clung repellent odors
perceptible above even the general noisomeness of the crypt. When
he had completed about half the entire circuit of the wall he found
another corridor like that from which he had come, and out of which
many doors opened.

This he proceeded to investigate; and after entering three rooms of
medium size and of no significant contents, he came at last to a large
oblong apartment whose businesslike tanks and tables, furnaces and
modern instruments, occasional books and endless shelves of jars and
bottles proclaimed it indeed the long-sought laboratory of Charles
Ward--and no doubt of old Joseph Curwen before him.

After lighting the three lamps which he found filled and ready, Dr.
Willett examined the place and all its appurtenances with the keenest
interest; noting from the relative quantities of various reagents on
the shelves that young Ward's dominant concern must have been with some
branch of organic chemistry. On the whole, little could be learned from
the scientific ensemble, which included a gruesome-looking dissecting
table; so that the room was really rather a disappointment. Among the
books was a tattered old copy of Borellus in black-letter, and it was
weirdly interesting to note that Ward had underlined the same passage
whose marking had so perturbed good Mr. Merritt at Curwen's farmhouse
more than a century and a half before. That older copy, of course,
must have perished along with the rest of Curwen's occult library in
the final raid. Three archways opened off the laboratory, and these
the doctor proceeded to sample in turn. From his cursory survey he
saw that two led merely to small storerooms; but these he canvassed
with care, remarking the piles of coffins in various stages of damage
and shuddering violently at two or three of the few coffin-plates he
could decipher. There was much clothing also stored in these rooms,
and several new and tightly-nailed boxes which he did not stop to
investigate. Most interesting of all, perhaps, were some odd bits which
he judged to be fragments of old Joseph Curwen's laboratory appliances.
These had suffered damage at the hands of the raiders, but were still
partly recognizable as the chemical paraphernalia of the Georgian
period.

       *       *       *       *       *

The third archway led to a very sizeable chamber entirely lined with
shelves and having in the center a table bearing two lamps. These
lamps Willett lighted, and in their brilliant glow studied the endless
shelving which surrounded him. Some of the upper levels were wholly
vacant, but most of the space was filled with small odd-looking
leaden jars of two general types; one tall and without handles like a
Grecian lekythos or oil-jug, and the other with a single handle and
proportioned like a Phaleron jug. All had metal stoppers, and were
covered with peculiar-looking symbols moulded in low relief. In a
moment the doctor noticed that these jugs were classified with great
rigidity; all the lekythoi being on one side of the room with a large
wooden sign reading "Custodes" above them, and all the Phalerons on
the other, correspondingly labeled with a sign reading "Materia." Each
of the jars or jugs, except some on the upper shelves that turned out
to be vacant, bore a cardboard tag with a number apparently referring
to a catalogue; and Willett resolved to look for the latter presently.
For the moment, however, he was more interested in the nature of the
array as a whole; and experimentally opened several of the lekythoi
and Phalerons at random with a view to a rough generalization. The
result was invariable. Both types of jar contained a small quantity
of a single kind of substance; a fine dusty powder of very light
weight and of many shades of dull neutral color. To the colors which
formed the only point of variation there was no apparent method of
disposal; and no distinction between what occurred in the lekythoi and
what occurred in the Phalerons. A bluish-gray powder might be by the
side of a pinkish-white one, and any one in a Phaleron might have its
exact counterpart in a lekythos. The most individual feature about
the powders was their non-adhesiveness. Willett would pour one into
his hand, and upon returning it to its jug would find that no residue
whatever remained on his palm.

The meaning of the two signs puzzled him, and he wondered why this
battery of chemicals was separated so radically from those in glass
jars on the shelves of the laboratory proper. "Custodes," "Materia";
that was the Latin for "Guards" and "Material," respectively--and
then there came a flash of memory as to where he had seen that word
"Guards" before in connection with this dreadful mystery. It was, of
course, in the recent letter to Dr. Allen purporting to be from old
Edward Hutchinson; and the phrase had read: "There was no Neede to keep
the Guards in shape and eat'g off their Heades, and it made much to
be founde in Case of Trouble, as you too welle Knowe." What did this
signify? But wait--was there not still _another_ reference to "guards"
in this matter which he had failed wholly to recall when reading the
Hutchinson letter? Back in the old non-secretive days Ward had told him
of the Eleazar Smith diary recording the spying of Smith and Weeden
on the Curwen farm, and in that dreadful chronicle there had been
a mention of conversations overheard before the old wizard betook
himself wholly beneath the earth. There had been, Smith and Weeden
insisted, terrible colloquies wherein figured Curwen, certain captives
of his, _and the guards of those captives_. Those guards, according to
Hutchinson or his avatar, had "eaten their heads off," so that now Dr.
Allen did not keep them _in shape_. And if not _in shape_, how save
as the "salts" to which it appears this wizard band was engaged in
reducing as many human bodies or skeletons as they could?

So _that_ was what these lekythoi contained; the monstrous fruit of
unhallowed rites and deeds, presumably won or cowed to such submission
as to help when called up by some hellish incantation, in the defense
of their blasphemous master or the questioning of those who were not so
willing? Willett shuddered at the thought of what he had been pouring
in and out of his hands, and for a moment felt an impulse to flee in
panic from that cavern of hideous shelves with their silent and perhaps
watching sentinels. Then he thought of the "Materia"--in the myriad
Phaleron jugs on the other side of the room. Salts too--and if not the
salts of "guards," then the salts of what? God! Could it be possible
that here lay the mortal relics of half the titan thinkers of all the
ages; snatched by supreme ghouls from crypts where the world thought
them safe, and subject to the beck and call of madmen who sought to
drain their knowledge for some still wilder end whose ultimate effect
would concern, as poor Charles had hinted in his frantic note, "all
civilization, all natural law, perhaps even the fate of the solar
system and the universe?" And Marinus Bicknell Willett had sifted their
dust through his hands!

Then he noticed a small door at the farther end of the room, and calmed
himself enough to approach it and examine the crude sign chiseled
above. It was only a symbol, but it filled him with vague spiritual
dread; for a morbid, dreaming friend of his had once drawn it on paper
and told him a few of the things it means in the dark abyss of sleep.
It was the sign of Koth, that dreamers see fixed above the archway
of a certain black tower standing alone in twilight--and Willett did
not like what his friend Randolph Carter had said of its powers. But
a moment later he forgot the sign as he recognized a new acrid odor
in the stench-filled air. This was a chemical rather than animal
smell, and came clearly from the room beyond the door. And it was,
unmistakably, the same odor which had saturated Charles Ward's clothing
on the day the doctors had taken him away. So it was here that the
youth had been interrupted by the final summons? He was wiser than old
Joseph Curwen, for he had not resisted. Willett, boldly determined to
penetrate every wonder and nightmare this nether realm might contain,
seized the small lamp and crossed the threshold. A wave of nameless
fright rolled out to meet him, but he yielded to no whim and deferred
to no intuition. There was nothing alive here to harm him, and he would
not be stayed in his piercing of the eldritch cloud which engulfed his
patient.

       *       *       *       *       *

The room beyond the door was of medium size, and had no furniture
save a table, a single chair, and two groups of curious machines with
clamps and wheels which Willett recognized after a moment as medieval
instruments of torture. On one side of the door stood a rack of savage
whips, above which were some shelves bearing empty rows of shallow
pedestaled cups of lead shaped like Grecian kylikes. On the other side
was the table; with a powerful Argand lamp, a pad and pencil, and
two of the stoppered lekythoi from the shelves outside set down at
irregular places as if temporarily or in haste. Willett lighted the
lamp and looked carefully at the pad to see what notes young Ward
might have been jotting down when interrupted; but found nothing more
intelligible than the following disjointed fragments in that crabbed
Curwen chirography, which shed no light on the case as a whole:

"B. dy'd not. Escap'd into walls and founde Place below.

"Saw olde V. saye ye Sabaoth and learnt ye Way.

"Rais'd _Yog-Sothoth_ thrice and was ye nexte Day deliver'd.

"F. soughte to wipe out all know'g howe to raise Those from Outside."

As the strong Argand blaze lit up the entire chamber the doctor saw
that the wall opposite the door, between the two groups of torturing
appliances in the corners, was covered with pegs from which hung a set
of shapeless looking robes of a rather dismal yellowish-white. But
far more interesting were the two vacant walls, both of which were
thickly covered with mystic symbols and formulae roughly chiseled in
the smooth dressed stone. The damp floor also bore marks of carving;
and with but little difficulty Willett deciphered a huge pentagram in
the center, with a plain circle about three feet wide halfway between
this and each corner. In one of these four circles, near where a
yellowish robe had been flung carelessly down, there stood a shallow
kylix of the sort found on the shelves above the whip-rack; and just
outside the periphery was one of the Phaleron jugs from the shelves in
the other room, its tag numbered 118. This was unstoppered, and proved
upon inspection to be empty; but the explorer saw with a shiver that
the kylix was not. Within its shallow area, and saved from scattering
only by the absence of wind in this sequestered cavern, lay a small
amount of a dry, dull-greenish efflorescent powder which must have
belonged in the jug; and Willett almost reeled at the implications that
came sweeping over him as he correlated little by little the several
elements and antecedents of the scene. The whips and the instruments of
torture; the dust or salts from the jug of "Materia," the two lekythoi
from the "Custodes" shelf, the robes, the formulae on the walls, the
notes on the pad, the hints from letters and legends, and the thousand
glimpses, doubts, and suppositions which had come to torment the
friends and parents of Charles Ward--all these engulfed the doctor in a
tidal wave of horror as he looked at that dry greenish powder outspread
in the pedestalled leaden kylix on the floor.

With an effort, however, Willett pulled himself together and began
studying the formulae chiseled on the walls. From the stained and
incrusted letters it was obvious that they were carved in Joseph
Curwen's time, and their text was such as to be vaguely familiar to
one who had read much Curwen material or delved extensively into the
history of magic. One the doctor clearly recognized as what Mrs. Ward
heard her son chanting on that ominous Good Friday a year before,
and what an authority had told him was a very terrible invocation
addressed to secret gods outside the normal spheres. It was not
spelled here exactly as Mrs. Ward had set it down from memory, nor
yet as the authority had shewn it to him in the forbidden pages of
"Eliphas Levi"; but its identity was unmistakable, and such words as
_Sabaoth_, _Metraton_, _Almonsin_, and _Zariatnatmik_ sent a shudder
of fright through the searcher who had seen and felt so much of cosmic
abomination just around the corner.

This was on the left-hand wall as one entered the room. The right-hand
wall was no less thickly inscribed, and Willett felt a start of
recognition as he came upon the pair of formulae so frequently
occurring in the recent notes in the library. They were, roughly
speaking, the same; with the ancient symbols of "Dragon's Head" and
"Dragon's Tail" heading them as in Ward's scribblings. But the spelling
differed quite widely from that of the modern versions, as if old
Curwen had had a different way of recording sound, or as if later study
had evolved more powerful and perfected variants of the invocations in
question. The doctor tried to reconcile the chiseled version with the
one which still ran persistently in his head, and found it hard to do.
Where the script he had memorized began "_Y'ai 'Ng'ngah, Yog-Sothoth_,"
this epigraph started out as "_Aye, cngengah, Yogge-Sothotha_"; which
to his mind would seriously interfere with the syllabification of the
second word.

Ground as the later text was into his consciousness, the discrepancy
disturbed him; and he found himself chanting the first of the formulae
aloud in an effort to square the sound he conceived with the letters
he found carved. Weird and menacing in that abyss of antique blasphemy
rang his voice! its accents keyed to a droning sing-song either through
the spell of the past and the unknown, or through the hellish example
of that dull, godless wail from the pits whose inhuman cadences rose
and fell rhythmically in the distance through the stench and darkness.

    "Y'AI 'NG'NGAH
    _YOG-SOTHOTH_
    H'EE----L'GEB
    F'AI' THRODOG
    _UAAH_!"

       *       *       *       *       *

But what was this cold wind which had sprung into life at the very
outset of the chant? The lamps were sputtering woefully, and the
gloom grew so dense that the letters on the wall nearly faded from
sight. There was smoke, too, and an acrid odor which quite drowned out
the stench from the far-away wells; an odor like that he had smelt
before, yet infinitely stronger and more pungent. He turned from the
inscriptions to face the room with its bizarre contents, and saw
that the kylix on the floor, in which the ominous efflorescent powder
had lain, was giving forth a cloud of thick, greenish-black vapor of
surprising volume and opacity. That powder--Great God! it had come from
the shelf of "Materia"--what was it doing now, and what had started it?
The formula he had been chanting--the first of the pair--Dragon's Head,
_ascending node_--Blessed Saviour, could it be--

The doctor reeled, and through his head raced wildly disjointed scraps
from all he had seen, heard, and read of the frightful case of Joseph
Curwen and Charles Dexter Ward. "I say to you againe, doe not call up
Any that you cannot put downe.... Have ye Wordes for laying at all
times readie, and stopp not to be sure when there is any Doubte of
_Whom_ you have--Three Talkes with _What_ was therein inhum'd--" _Mercy
of Heaven, what is that shape behind the parting smoke?_

       *       *       *       *       *

Marinus Bicknell Willett has no hope that any part of his tale will
be believed except by certain sympathetic friends, hence has made
no attempt to tell it beyond his most intimate circle. Only a few
outsiders have ever heard it repeated, and of these the majority laugh
and remark that the doctor surely is getting old. He has been advised
to take a long vacation and to shun future cases dealing with mental
disturbance. But Mr. Ward knows that the veteran physician speaks only
a horrible truth. Did not he himself see the noisome aperture in the
bungalow cellar? Did not Willett send him home overcome and ill at
eleven o'clock that portentous morning? Did he not telephone the doctor
in vain that evening, and again the next day, and had he not driven
to the bungalow itself on that following noon, finding his friend
unconscious but unharmed on one of the beds upstairs? Willett had been
breathing stertorously, and opened his eyes slowly when Mr. Ward gave
him some brandy fetched from the car. Then he shuddered and screamed,
crying out, "_That beard--those eyes--God, who are you?_" A very
strange thing to say to a trim, blue-eyed, clean-shaven gentleman whom
he had known from the latter's boyhood.

In the bright noon sunlight the bungalow was unchanged since the
previous morning. Willett's clothing bore no disarrangement beyond
certain smudges and worn places at the knees, and only a faint acrid
odor reminded Mr. Ward of what he had smelt on his son that day he was
taken to the hospital. The doctor's flashlight was missing, but his
valise was safely there, as empty as when he had brought it. Before
indulging in any explanations, and obviously with great moral effort,
Willett staggered dizzily down to the cellar and tried the fateful
platform before the tubs. It was unyielding. Crossing to where he had
left his yet-unused tool satchel the day before, he obtained a chisel
and began to pry up the stubborn planks one by one. Underneath the
smooth concrete was still visible, but of any opening or perforation
there was no longer a trace. Nothing yawned this time to sicken the
mystified father who had followed the doctor downstairs; only the
smooth concrete underneath the planks--no noisome well, no world of
subterrene horrors, no secret library, no Curwen papers, no nightmare
pits of stench and howling, no laboratory or shelves or chiseled
formulae, no--Dr. Willett turned pale, and clutched at the younger man.
"Yesterday," he asked softly, "did you see it here--and smell it?" And
when Mr. Ward, himself transfixed with dread and wonder, found strength
to nod an affirmative, the physician gave a sound half a sigh and half
a gasp, and nodded in turn. "Then I will tell you," he said.

So for an hour, in the sunniest room they could find upstairs, the
physician whispered his frightful tale to the wondering father. There
was nothing to relate beyond the looming up of that form when the
greenish-black vapor from the kylix parted, and Willett was too tired
to ask himself what had really occurred. There were futile, bewildered
head-shakings from both men, and once Mr. Ward ventured a hushed
suggestion, "Do you suppose it would be of any use to dig?" The doctor
was silent, for it seemed hardly fitting for any human brain to answer
when powers of unknown spheres had so vitally encroached on this side
of the Great Abyss. Again Mr. Ward asked, "But where did it go? It
brought you here, you know, and it sealed up the hole somehow."

And Willett again let silence answer for him.

But after all, this was not the final phase of the matter. Reaching for
his handkerchief before rising to leave, Dr. Willett's fingers closed
upon a piece of paper in his pocket which had not been there before,
and which was companioned by the candles and matches he had seized in
the vanished vault. It was a common sheet, torn obviously from the
cheap pad in that fabulous room of horror somewhere underground, and
the writing upon it was that of an ordinary lead pencil--doubtless
the one which had lain beside the pad. It was folded very carelessly,
and beyond the faint acrid scent of the cryptic chamber bore no print
or mark of any world but this. But in the text itself it did indeed
reek with wonder; for here was no script of any wholesome age, but the
labored strokes of mediaeval darkness, scarcely legible to the laymen
who now strained over it, yet having combinations of symbols which
seemed vaguely familiar. The briefly scrawled message was this, and its
mystery lent purpose to the shaken pair, who forthwith walked steadily
out to the Ward car and gave orders to be driven first to a quiet
dining place and then to the John Hay Library on the hill.

       *       *       *       *       *

At the library it was easy to find good manuals of palaeography, and
over these the two men puzzled till the lights of evening shone out
from the great chandelier. In the end they found what was needed. The
letters were indeed no fantastic invention, but the normal script of
a very dark period. They were the pointed Saxon minuscules of the
eighth or ninth century A. D., and brought with them memories of an
uncouth time when under a fresh Christian veneer ancient faiths and
ancient rites stirred stealthily, and the pale moon of Britain looked
sometimes on strange deeds in the Roman ruins at Caerleon and Hexhaus,
and by the Towers along Hadrian's crumbling wall. The words were in
such Latin as a barbarous age might remember--"_Corvinus, necandus est.
Cadaver aq(ua) forti dissolvendum, nec aliq(ui)d retinendum. Tace ut
potes._"--which may roughly be translated, "Curwen must be killed. The
body must be dissolved in aqua fortis, nor must anything be retained.
Keep silence as best you are able."

Willett and Mr. Ward were mute and baffled. They had met the unknown,
and found that they lacked emotions to respond to it as they vaguely
believed they ought. With Willett, especially, the capacity for
receiving fresh impressions of awe was well-nigh exhausted; and both
men sat still and helpless till the closing of the library forced them
to leave. Then they drove listlessly to the Ward mansion in Prospect
Street, and talked to no purpose into the night. The doctor rested
toward morning, but did not go home. And he was still there Sunday
noon when a telephone message came from the detectives who had been
assigned to look up Dr. Allen.

Mr. Ward, who was pacing nervously about in a dressing-gown, answered
the call in person; and told the men to come up early the next day when
he heard their report was almost ready. Both Willett and he were glad
that this phase of the matter was taking form, for whatever the origin
of the strange minuscule message, it seemed certain that the "Curwen"
who must be destroyed could be no other than the bearded and spectacled
stranger. Charles had feared this man, and had said in the frantic note
that he must be killed and dissolved in acid. Allen, moreover, had been
receiving letters from the strange wizards in Europe under the name
of Curwen, and palpably regarded himself as an avatar of the bygone
necromancer. And now from a fresh and unknown source had come a message
saying that "Curwen" must be killed and dissolved in acid. The linkage
was too unmistakable to be factitious; and besides, was not Allen
planning to murder young Ward upon the advice of the creature called
Hutchinson? Of course, the letter they had seen had never reached
the bearded stranger; but from its text they could see that Allen
had already formed plans for dealing with the youth if he grew too
"squeamish." Without doubt, Allen must be apprehended; and even if the
most drastic directions were not carried out, he must be placed where
he could inflict no harm upon Charles Ward.

That afternoon, hoping against hope to extract some gleam of
information anent the inmost mysteries from the only available one
capable of giving it, the father and the doctor went down the bay and
called on young Charles at the hospital. Simply and gravely Willett
told him all he had found, and noticed how pale he turned as each
description made certain the truth of the discovery. The physician
employed as much dramatic effect as he could, and watched for a
wincing on Charles' part when he approached the matter of the covered
pits and the nameless hybrids within. But Ward did not wince. Willett
paused, and his voice grew indignant as he spoke of how the things were
starving. He taxed the youth with shocking inhumanity, and shivered
when only a sardonic laugh came in reply. For Charles, having dropped
as useless his pretense that the crypt did not exist, seemed to see
some ghastly jest in this affair; and chuckled hoarsely at something
which amused him. Then he whispered, in accents doubly terrible
because of the cracked voice he used, "Damn 'em, they _do_ eat, but
they _don't_ need to! That's the rare part! A month, you say, without
food? Lud, Sir, you be modest! D'ye know, that was the joke on poor old
Whipple with his virtuous bluster! Kill everything off, would he? Why,
damme, he was half-deaf with the noise from Outside and never saw or
heard aught from the wells. He never dreamed they were there at all!
Devil take ye, _those cursed things have been howling down there ever
since Curwen was done for a hundred and fifty-seven years gone_!"

But no more than this could Willett get from the youth. Horrified, yet
almost convinced against his will, he went on with his tale in the hope
that some incident might startle his auditor out of the mad composure
he maintained. Looking at the youth's face, the doctor could not but
feel a kind of terror at the changes which recent months had wrought.
Truly, the boy had drawn down nameless horrors from the skies. When the
room with the formulae and the greenish dust was mentioned, Charles
shewed his first sign of animation. A quizzical look overspread his
face as he heard what Willett had read on the pad, and he ventured
the mild statement that those notes were old ones, of no possible
significance to anyone not deeply initiated in the history of magic.
"But," he added, "had you but known the words to bring up that which I
had out in the cup, you had not been here to tell me this. 'Twas Number
118, and I conceive you would have shook had you looked it up in my
list in t'other room. 'Twas never raised by me, but I meant to have it
up that day you came to invite me hither."

Then Willett told of the formula he had spoken and of the
greenish-black smoke which had arisen; and as he did so he saw true
fear dawn for the first time on Charles Ward's face. "It _came_, and
you be here alive!" As Ward croaked the words his voice seemed almost
to burst free of its trammels and sink to cavernous abysses of uncanny
resonance. Willett, gifted with a flash of inspiration, believed he
saw the situation, and wove into his reply a caution from a letter he
remembered. "No. 118, you say? But don't forget that _stones are all
changed now in nine grounds out of ten. You are never sure till you
question!_" And then, without warning, he drew forth the minuscule
message and flashed it before the patient's eyes. He could have wished
no stronger result, for Charles Ward fainted forthwith.

       *       *       *       *       *

All this conversation, of course, had been conducted with the greatest
secrecy lest the resident alienists accuse the father and the physician
of encouraging a madman in his delusions. Unaided, too, Dr. Willett
and Mr. Ward picked up the stricken youth and placed him on the couch.
In reviving, the patient mumbled many times of some word which he must
get to Orne and Hutchinson at once; so when his consciousness seemed
fully back the doctor told him that of those strange creatures at
least one was his bitter enemy, and had given Dr. Allen advice for his
assassination. This revelation produced no visible effect, and before
it was made the visitors could see that their host had already the look
of a hunted man. After that he would converse no more, so Willett and
the father departed presently; leaving behind a caution against the
bearded Allen, to which the youth only replied that this individual
was very safely taken care of, and could do no one any harm even if he
wished.

This was said with an almost evil chuckle very painful to hear. They
did not worry about any communications Charles might write to that
monstrous pair in Europe, since they knew that the hospital authorities
seized all outgoing mail for censorship and would pass no wild or
outré-looking missive.

There is, however, a curious sequel to the matter of Orne and
Hutchinson, if such indeed the exiled wizards were. Moved by some vague
presentiment amidst the horrors of that period, Willett arranged with
an international press-cutting bureau for accounts of notable current
crimes and accidents in Prague and in eastern Transylvania; and after
six months believed that he had found two very significant things
amongst the multifarious items he received and had translated. One
was the total wrecking of a house by night in the oldest quarter of
Prague, and the disappearance of the evil old man called Josef Nadeh,
who had dwelt in it alone ever since anyone could remember. The other
was a titan explosion in the Transylvania mountains east of Rakus, and
the utter extirpation with all its inmates of the ill-regarded Castle
Ferenczy, whose master was so badly spoken of by peasants and soldiery
alike that he would shortly have been summoned to Bucharest for serious
questioning had not this incident cut off a career already so long as
to antedate all common memory. Willett maintains that the hand which
wrote those minuscules was able to wield stronger weapons as well; and
that while Curwen was left to him to dispose of, the writer felt able
to find and deal with Orne and Hutchinson itself. Of what their fate
may have been the doctor strives sedulously not to think.

       *       *       *       *       *

The following morning Dr. Willett hastened to the Ward home to
be present when the detectives arrived. Allen's destruction or
imprisonment--or Curwen's, if one might regard the tacit claim to
reincarnation as valid--he felt must be accomplished at any cost, and
he communicated this conviction to Mr. Ward as they sat waiting for the
men to come. They were downstairs this time, for the upper parts of the
house were beginning to be shunned because of a peculiar nauseousness
which hung indefinitely about; a nauseousness which the older servants
connected with some curse left by the vanished Curwen portrait.

At nine o'clock the three detectives presented themselves and
immediately delivered all that they had to say. They had not,
regrettably enough, located the Brava Tony Gomes as they had wished,
nor had they found the least trace of Dr. Allen's source or present
whereabouts; but they had managed to unearth a considerable number of
local impressions and facts concerning the reticent stranger. Allen
had struck Pawtuxet people as a vaguely unnatural being and there was
an universal belief that his thick Vandyke beard was either dyed or
false--a belief conclusively upheld by the finding of such a false
beard, together with a heavy pair of dark glasses, in his room at the
fateful bungalow. His voice, Mr. Ward could well testify from his one
telephone conversation, had a depth and hollowness that could not be
forgotten; and his glance seemed malign even through his smoked and
horn-rimmed glasses. One shopkeeper, in the course of negotiations, had
seen a specimen of his handwriting and declared it was very queer and
crabbed; this being confirmed by penciled notes of no clear meaning
found in his room and identified by the merchant.

In connection with the vampirism ructions of the preceding summer, a
majority of the gossips believed that Allen rather than Ward was the
actual vampire. Statements were also obtained from the officials who
had visited the bungalow after the unpleasant incident of the motor
truck robbery. They had felt less of the sinister in Dr. Allen, but had
recognized him as the dominant figure in the queer shadowy cottage. The
place had been too dark for them to observe him clearly, but they would
know him again if they saw him. His beard had looked odd, and they
thought he had some slight scar above his dark spectacled right eye. As
for the search of Allen's room, it yielded nothing definite save the
beard and glasses, and several penciled notes in a crabbed writing,
which Willett at once saw was identical with that shared by the old
Curwen manuscripts and by the voluminous recent notes of young Ward
found in the vanished catacombs of horror.

Dr. Willett and Mr. Ward caught something of a profound, subtle, and
insidious cosmic fear from this data as it was gradually unfolded,
and almost trembled in following up the vague, mad thought which had
simultaneously reached their minds. The false beard and glasses, the
crabbed Curwen penmanship--the old portrait and its tiny scar--_and
the altered youth in the hospital with such a scar_--that deep, hollow
voice on the telephone--was it not of this that Mr. Ward was reminded
when his son barked forth those pitiable tones to which he now claimed
to be reduced? Who had ever seen Charles and Allen together? Yes, some
officials had once, but who later on? Was it not when Allen left that
Charles suddenly lost his growing fright and began to live wholly at
the bungalow? Curwen--Allen--Ward--in what blasphemous and abominable
fusion had two ages and two persons become involved? That damnable
resemblance of the picture to Charles--had it not used to stare and
stare, and follow the boy around the room with its eyes? Why, too, did
both Allen and Charles copy Joseph Curwen's handwriting, even when
alone and off guard? And then the frightful work of those people--the
lost crypt of horrors that had aged the doctor overnight; the starved
monsters in the noisome pits; the awful formula which had yielded such
nameless results; the message in minuscules found in Willett's pocket;
the papers and the letters and all the talk of graves and "salts" and
discoveries--whither did everything lead? In the end Mr. Ward did the
most sensible thing. Steeling himself against any realization of why he
did it, he gave the detectives an article to be shewn to such Pawtuxet
shopkeepers as had seen the portentous Dr. Allen. That article was a
photograph of his luckless son, on which he now carefully drew in ink
the pair of heavy glasses and the black pointed beard, which the men
had brought from Allen's room.

For two hours he waited with the doctor in the oppressive house where
fear and miasma were slowly gathering as the empty panel in the
upstairs library leered and leered and leered. Then the men returned.
Yes, _the altered photograph was a very passable likeness of Dr.
Allen_. Mr. Ward turned pale, and Willett wiped a suddenly dampened
brow with his handkerchief. Allen--Ward--Curwen--it was becoming too
hideous for coherent thought. What had the boy called out of the void,
and what had it done to him? What really had happened from first to
last? Who was this Allen who sought to kill Charles as too "squeamish,"
and why had his destined victim said in the postscript to that frantic
letter that he must be so completely obliterated in acid? Why, too,
had the minuscule message, of whose origin no one dared think, said
that "Curwen" must be likewise obliterated? What was the _change_,
and when had the final stage occurred? That day when his frantic note
was received--he had been nervous all the morning, then there was an
alteration. He had slipped out unseen and swaggered boldly in past the
men hired to guard him. That was the time, when he was out. But no--had
he not cried out in terror as he entered his study--this very room?
What had he found there? Or wait--_what had found him?_ That simulacrum
which brushed boldly in without having been seen to go--was that an
alien shadow and a horror forcing itself upon a trembling figure which
had never gone out at all? Had not the butler spoken of queer noises?

       *       *       *       *       *

Willett rang for the man and asked him some low-toned questions. It
had, surely enough, been a bad business. There had been noises--a cry,
a gasp, a choking, and a sort of clattering or creaking or thumping,
or all of these. And Mr. Charles was not the same when he stalked out
without a word. The butler shivered as he spoke, and sniffed at the
heavy air that blew down from some open window upstairs. Terror had
settled definitely upon the house, and only the businesslike detectives
failed to imbibe a full measure of it. Even they were restless, for
this case had held vague elements in the background which pleased
them not at all. Dr. Willett was thinking deeply and rapidly, and his
thoughts were terrible ones. Now and then he would almost break into
muttering as he ran over in his head a new, appalling, and increasingly
conclusive chain of nightmare happenings.

Then Mr. Ward made a sign that the conference was over, and everyone
save him and the doctor left the room. It was noon now, but shadows as
of coming night seemed to engulf the phantom-haunted mansion. Willett
began talking very seriously to his host, and urged that he leave a
great deal of the future investigation to him. There would be, he
predicted, certain obnoxious elements which a friend could bear better
than a relative. As family physician he must have a free hand, and
the first thing he required was a period alone and undisturbed in the
abandoned library upstairs, where the ancient overmantel had gathered
about itself an aura of noisome horror more intense than when Joseph
Curwen's features themselves glanced slyly down from the painted panel.

Mr. Ward, dazed by the flood of grotesque morbidities and unthinkably
maddening suggestions that poured in upon him from every side, could
only acquiesce; and half an hour later the doctor was locked in the
shunned room with the paneling from Olney Court. The father, listening
outside, heard fumbling sounds of moving and rummaging as the moments
passed; and finally a wrench and a creak, as if a tight cupboard door
were being opened. Then there was a muffled cry, a kind of snorting
choke, and a hasty slamming of whatever had been opened. Almost at
once the key rattled and Willett appeared in the hall, haggard and
ghastly, and demanding wood for the real fireplace on the south wall
of the room. The furnace was not enough, he said; and the electric log
had little practical use. Longing yet not daring to ask questions,
Mr. Ward gave the requisite orders and a man brought some stout pine
logs, shuddering as he entered the tainted air of the library to place
them in the grate. Willett meanwhile had gone up to the dismantled
laboratory and brought down a few odds and ends not included in the
moving of the July before. They were in a covered basket, and Mr. Ward
never saw what they were.

Then the doctor locked himself up in the library once more, and by the
clouds of smoke which rolled down past the windows from the chimney it
was known that he had lighted the fire. Later, after a great rustling
of newspapers, that odd wrench and creaking were heard again; followed
by a thumping which none of the eavesdroppers liked. Thereafter two
suppressed cries of Willett's were heard, and hard upon these came a
swishing rustle of indefinable hatefulness. Finally the smoke that the
wind beat down from the chimney grew very dark and acrid, and everyone
wished that the weather had spared them this choking and venomous
inundation of peculiar fumes. Mr. Ward's head reeled, and the servants
all clustered together in a knot to watch the horrible black smoke
swoop down. After an age of waiting the vapors seemed to lighten, and
half-formless sounds of scraping, sweeping, and other minor operations
were heard behind the bolted door. And at last, after the slamming
of some cupboard within, Willett made his appearance, sad, pale and
haggard, and bearing the cloth-draped basket he had taken from the
upstairs laboratory. He had left the window open, and into that once
accursed room was pouring a wealth of pure, wholesome air to mix with
a queer new smell of disinfectants. The ancient overmantel still
lingered; but it seemed robbed of malignity now, and rose as calm and
stately in its white paneling as if it had never borne the picture of
Joseph Curwen. Night was coming on, yet this time its shadows held
no latent fright, but only a gentle melancholy. Of what he had done
the doctor would never speak. To Mr. Ward he said, "I can answer no
questions, but I will say that there are different kinds of magic. I
have made a great purgation. Those in this house will sleep the better
for it."

       *       *       *       *       *

That Dr. Willett's "purgation" had been an ordeal almost as
nerve-racking in its way as his hideous wandering in the vanished crypt
is shewn by the fact that the elderly physician gave out completely
as soon as he reached home that evening. For three days he rested
constantly in his room, though servants later muttered something
about having heard him after midnight on Wednesday, when the outer
door softly opened, and closed with phenomenal softness. Servants'
imaginations, fortunately, are limited, else comment might have been
excited by an item in Thursday's _Evening Bulletin_ which ran as
follows:

                     North End Ghouls Again Active

    After a lull of ten months since the dastardly vandalism in the
    Weeden lot at the North Burial Ground, a nocturnal prowler was
    glimpsed early this morning in the same cemetery by Robert Hart,
    the night watchman. Happening to glance for a moment from his
    shelter at about two a.m., Hart observed a glow of a lantern or
    pocket torch not far to the northward, and upon opening the door
    detected the figure of a man with a trowel very plainly silhouetted
    against a nearby electric light. At once starting in pursuit, he
    saw the figure dart hurriedly toward the main entrance, gaining
    the street and losing himself among the shadows before approach or
    capture was possible.

    Like the first of the ghouls active during the past year, this
    intruder had done no real damage before detection. A vacant part
    of the Ward lot shewed signs of a little superficial digging, but
    nothing even nearly the size of a grave had been attempted, and no
    previous grave had been disturbed.

    Hart, who cannot describe the prowler except as a small man
    probably having a full beard, inclines to the view that all three
    of the digging incidents have a common source; but police from the
    Second Station think otherwise on account of the savage nature of
    the second incident, where an ancient coffin was removed and its
    headstone violently shattered.

    The first of the incidents, in which it is thought an attempt to
    bury something was frustrated, occurred a year ago last March, and
    has been attributed to bootleggers seeking a cache. It is possible,
    says Sergeant Riley, that this third affair is of similar nature.
    Officers at the Second Station are taking especial pains to capture
    the gang of miscreants responsible for these repeated outrages.

All day Thursday Dr. Willett rested as if recuperating from something
past or nerving himself for something to come. In the evening he wrote
a note to Mr. Ward, which was delivered the next morning and which
caused the half-dazed parent to ponder long and deeply. Mr. Ward
had not been able to go down to business since the shock of Monday
with its baffling reports and its sinister "purgation," but he found
something calming about the doctor's letter in spite of the despair it
seemed to promise and the fresh mysteries it seemed to evoke.

                                                         10 Barnes St.,
                                                     Providence, R. I.,
                                                        April 12, 1928.

    Dear Theodore:

    I feel that I must say a word to you before doing what I am going
    to do tomorrow. It will conclude the terrible business we have been
    going through (for I feel that no spade is ever likely to reach
    that monstrous place we know of), but I'm afraid it won't set your
    mind at rest unless I expressly assure you how very conclusive it
    is.

    You have known me ever since you were a small boy, so I think you
    will not distrust me when I hint that some matters are best left
    undecided and unexplored. It is better that you attempt no further
    speculation as to Charles's case, and almost imperative that you
    tell his mother nothing more than she already suspects. When I call
    on you tomorrow Charles will have escaped. That is all which need
    remain in anyone's mind. He was mad, and he escaped.

    So don't ask me any questions when I call. It may be that something
    will go wrong, but I'll tell you if it does. I don't think it will.
    There will be nothing more to worry about, for Charles will be
    very, very safe. He is now--safer than you dream. You need hold
    no fears about Allen, and who or what he is. He forms as much a
    part of the past as Joseph Curwen's picture, and when I ring your
    doorbell you may feel certain that there is no such person. And
    what wrote that minuscule message will never trouble you or yours.

    But you must steel yourself to melancholy, and prepare your wife to
    do the same. I must tell you frankly that Charles's escape will not
    mean his restoration to you. He has been afflicted with a peculiar
    disease, as you must realize from the subtle physical as well as
    mental changes in him, and you must not hope to see him again. He
    stumbled on things no mortal ought ever to know, and reached back
    through the years as no one ever should reach; and something came
    out of those years to engulf him.

    And now comes the matter in which I must ask you to trust me most
    of all. For there will be, indeed, no uncertainty about Charles's
    fate. In about a year, say, you can if you wish devise a suitable
    account of the end, for the boy will be no more. You can put up a
    stone in your lot at the North Burial ground exactly ten feet west
    of your father's and facing the same way, and that will mark the
    true resting-place of your son. Nor need you fear that it will
    mark any abnormality or changeling. The ashes in that grave will
    be those of your own unaltered bone and sinew--of the real Charles
    Dexter Ward whose mind you watched from infancy--the real Charles
    with the olive-mark on his hip and without the black witch-mark
    on his chest or the pit on his forehead. The Charles who never
    did actual evil, and who will have paid with his life for his
    "squeamishness."

    That is all. Charles will have escaped, and a year from now you can
    put up his stone. Do not question me tomorrow. And believe that the
    honour of your ancient family remains untainted now, as it has been
    at all times in the past.

    With profoundest sympathy, and exhortations to fortitude, calmness,
    and resignation, I am ever

                                                 Sincerely your friend,
                                                    Marinus B. Willett.

So on the morning of Friday, April 13, 1928, Marinus Bicknell Willett
visited the room of Charles Dexter Ward at Dr. Waite's private
hospital on Conanicut Island. After the interchange of a few strained
formalities, a new element of constraint crept in, as Ward seemed to
read behind the doctor's masklike face a terrible purpose which had
never been there before.

Ward actually turned pale, and the doctor was the first to speak.
"More," he said, "has been found out, and I must warn you fairly that a
reckoning is due."

"Digging again, and coming upon more poor starving pets?" was the
ironic reply. It was evident that the youth meant to shew bravado to
the last.

"No," Willett slowly rejoined, "this time I did not have to dig. We
have had men looking up Dr. Allen, and they found the false beard and
spectacles in the bungalow!"

"Excellent," commented the disquieted host in an effort to be wittily
insulting, "and I trust they proved more becoming than the beard and
glasses you now have on!"

"They would become you very well," came the even and studied response,
"_as indeed they seem to have done_."

As Willett said this, it almost seemed as though a cloud passed over
the sun; though there was no change in the shadows on the floor. Then
Ward ventured:

"And is this what asks so hotly for a reckoning? Suppose a man does
find it now and then useful to be twofold?"

"No," said Willett gravely, "again you are wrong. It is no business of
mine if any man seeks duality; _provided he has any right to exist at
all, and provided he does not destroy what called him out of space_."

Ward now started violently. "Well, Sir, what _have_ ye found, and what
d'ye want with me?"

The doctor let a little time elapse before replying, as if choosing his
words for an effective answer.

"I have found," he finally intoned, "something in a cupboard behind an
ancient overmantel where a picture once was, and I have burned it and
buried the ashes where the grave of Charles Dexter Ward ought to be."

The madman choked and sprang from the chair in which he had been
sitting:

"Damn ye, who did ye tell--and who'll believe it was he after these
full two months, with me alive? What d'ye mean to do?"

Willett, though a small man, actually took on a kind of judicial
majesty as he calmed the patient with a gesture.

"I have told no one. This is no common case--it is a madness out of
time and a horror from beyond the spheres which no police or lawyers
or courts or alienists could ever fathom or grapple with. _You cannot
deceive me, Joseph Curwen, for I know that your accursed magic is true!_

"I know how you wove the spell that brooded outside the years and
fastened on your double and descendant; I know how you drew him into
the past and got him to raise you up from your detestable grave; I
know how he kept you hidden in his laboratory while you studied modern
things and roved abroad as a vampire by night, and how you later
shewed yourself in beard and glasses that no one might wonder at your
godless likeness to him; I know what you resolved to do when he balked
at your monstrous rifling of the world's tombs, _and at what you
planned afterward_, and I know how you did it.

"You left off your beard and glasses and fooled the guards around
the house. They thought it was he who went in, and they thought it
was he who came out when you had strangled and hidden him. But you
hadn't reckoned on the different contacts of two minds. You were a
fool, Curwen, to fancy that a mere visual identity would be enough.
Why didn't you think of the speech and the voice and the handwriting?
It hasn't worked, you see, after all. You know better than I who or
what wrote that message in minuscules, but I will warn you it was not
written in vain. There are abominations and blasphemies which must be
stamped out, and I believe that the writer of those words will attend
to Orne and Hutchinson. One of those creatures wrote you once, 'do not
call up any that you cannot put down.' Curwen, a man can't tamper with
Nature beyond certain limits, and every horror you have woven will rise
up to wipe you out."

       *       *       *       *       *

But here the doctor was cut short by a convulsive cry from the creature
before him. Hopelessly at bay, weaponless, and knowing that any show
of physical violence would bring a score of attendants to the doctor's
rescue, Joseph Curwen had recourse to his one ancient ally, and began a
series of cabalistic motions with his forefingers as his deep, hollow
voice, now unconcealed by feigned hoarseness, bellowed out the opening
words of a terrible formula.

"PER ADONAI ELOIM, ADONAI JEHOVA, ADONAI SABAOTH, METRATON...."

But Willett was too quick for him. Even as the dogs in the yard outside
began to howl, and even as a chill wind sprang suddenly up from the
bay, the doctor commenced the solemn and measured intonation of that
which he had meant all along to recite. An eye for an eye--magic for
magic--let the outcome shew how well the lesson of the abyss had
been learned! So in a clear voice Marinus Bicknell Willett began the
_second_ of that pair of formulae whose first had raised the writer of
those minuscules--the cryptic invocation whose heading was the Dragon's
Tail, sign of the _descending_ node--

    "OGTHROD AI'F
    GEB'L----EE''H
    _YOG-SOTHOTH_
    'NGAH'NG AI'Y
    _ZHRO_!"

At the very first word from Willett's mouth the previously commenced
formula of the patient stopped short. Unable to speak, the monster
made wild motions with his arms until they too were arrested. When the
awful name of _Yog-Sothoth_ was uttered, the hideous change began.
It was not merely a _dissolution_, but rather a _transformation_ or
_recapitulation_; and Willett shut his eyes lest he faint before the
rest of the incantation could be pronounced.

But he did not faint, and that man of unholy centuries and forbidden
secrets never troubled the world again. The madness out of time had
subsided, and the case of Charles Dexter Ward was closed. Opening his
eyes before staggering out of that room of horror, Dr. Willett saw that
what he had kept in memory had not been kept amiss. There had, as he
had predicted, been no need for acids. For like his accursed picture
a year before, Joseph Curwen now lay scattered on the floor as a thin
coating of fine bluish-gray dust.





*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE CASE OF CHARLES DEXTER WARD ***


    

Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.


START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™
electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
    of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online
    at www.gutenberg.org. If you
    are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
  
1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

    • You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
        to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
        within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
        legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
        Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
        Literary Archive Foundation.”
    
    • You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
        does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
        License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
        works.
    
    • You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
        receipt of the work.
    
    • You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
    

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org.

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.



Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed eu neque ac tortor imperdiet faucibus. Fusce orci ipsum, luctus sit amet nisi quis, euismod maximus nisl. Donec pharetra mattis est ac hendrerit. In feugiat dui vel vehicula imperdiet. Nullam at porttitor tortor. Fusce eget suscipit arcu, quis placerat diam. Praesent volutpat dictum iaculis. Suspendisse potenti. Suspendisse vitae sem imperdiet, varius mauris nec, vulputate magna.

Cras erat lacus, eleifend eget varius nec, convallis vitae lectus. Integer at condimentum lacus, vitae ultricies velit. Donec vitae dapibus nisl. Curabitur luctus aliquam massa, ac bibendum sapien bibendum ac. Fusce iaculis libero et bibendum maximus. Proin ornare, leo eget eleifend maximus, nisi nulla sollicitudin turpis, ut sagittis est nunc a sapien. In velit mauris, vestibulum et dui pretium, suscipit auctor elit. Cras tristique congue cursus. Nunc varius libero erat, in dignissim risus tincidunt sit amet. Fusce ut dolor in metus convallis auctor. Morbi aliquet urna a turpis volutpat laoreet. Aliquam at faucibus ligula. In placerat sollicitudin nisi, ut finibus ex feugiat et. Phasellus odio ligula, cursus nec urna eleifend, volutpat tristique libero.

Cras viverra porttitor ipsum, ac suscipit quam blandit quis. Curabitur ac ornare neque. Ut eleifend enim vel enim eleifend tempus. Ut ultrices malesuada dictum. Etiam tristique tristique justo pulvinar mattis. Curabitur vestibulum ligula at elit egestas, id scelerisque nisl tempor. Sed nibh urna, pulvinar eu orci eu, rhoncus ornare felis. Vivamus efficitur augue eros. Donec pulvinar leo sit amet libero congue iaculis. Suspendisse potenti.

Mauris dapibus fringilla tortor, nec fringilla lorem. Donec dui purus, aliquam sed egestas a, congue quis mauris. Aenean malesuada pellentesque finibus. Aliquam feugiat nibh et odio tincidunt tempus. Duis posuere mauris et laoreet efficitur. Vestibulum maximus quam diam, quis tempus mauris eleifend non. Maecenas vulputate maximus nunc ac aliquet. Vivamus et urna imperdiet, tincidunt purus quis, hendrerit justo. Mauris vehicula a metus sit amet congue. Pellentesque eget urna ante. Nulla facilisi. Phasellus ipsum nunc, sollicitudin id mi non, finibus egestas tellus. Fusce et ex vitae elit congue dictum vitae vitae sem.

Praesent vel est lorem. Nulla pretium tincidunt augue ut bibendum. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Fusce pharetra lectus sapien, sit amet lacinia dolor semper sed. Quisque bibendum quam sed mauris ultricies condimentum. Aliquam ut dolor maximus, dictum elit eu, facilisis orci. Ut auctor odio in mi convallis vestibulum.

Quisque mattis metus erat, at sagittis libero semper et. Aenean pretium, tortor vel dignissim vestibulum, tellus neque dignissim felis, vel ultrices lacus nisi a leo. Sed vel suscipit odio, et fermentum purus. Praesent nulla arcu, semper eu tellus vitae, vulputate feugiat diam. Aenean scelerisque purus tortor, in tristique dolor venenatis at. Vivamus porta lacus eget nibh vulputate vehicula. Sed nec ornare ipsum. Ut ac euismod tortor. Nullam id lobortis quam. Cras sollicitudin felis quis varius scelerisque.

Sed ante felis, scelerisque in convallis in, eleifend non risus. Nullam odio urna, eleifend sit amet dui eu, vulputate venenatis arcu. Quisque feugiat finibus mattis. Sed pellentesque iaculis nibh nec maximus. Sed ullamcorper massa ipsum, ut ultricies risus ornare in. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed quis lectus blandit, imperdiet nunc nec, volutpat lacus. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Nulla ac eros vestibulum enim condimentum commodo ac eget erat. Integer dignissim consequat rhoncus. In orci nulla, accumsan quis feugiat ut, dapibus ut leo.

Vivamus auctor aliquet nisi, sed sollicitudin nisl sodales a. Praesent vel feugiat nibh, pulvinar bibendum mi. Aliquam tincidunt nibh non sagittis fringilla. Vivamus ac aliquam dolor. Nam cursus nulla vel ligula mollis, eget fringilla justo ultrices. Ut molestie odio ut arcu auctor, sed iaculis justo feugiat. Nunc mollis luctus cursus. Ut gravida nulla justo, a auctor odio pellentesque quis. Mauris placerat elit ut diam consectetur ullamcorper. Pellentesque convallis fermentum erat, id mollis urna bibendum sed. Duis efficitur, augue a tempus pharetra, est velit finibus eros, mattis commodo orci lorem sit amet lacus. Cras sollicitudin metus est, vel porta leo rhoncus ac.

Phasellus cursus eleifend massa, a tristique enim rutrum at. Vestibulum placerat dui non venenatis posuere. Morbi lacus quam, lobortis id ante non, fringilla elementum justo. Proin tristique facilisis felis non elementum. Donec porta et ligula eget fringilla. Nullam sed mauris sed sapien laoreet egestas. Nunc sit amet augue sit amet quam dapibus convallis. Donec quis nisl feugiat, ornare ligula id, viverra turpis. Nullam vitae auctor urna. Cras tincidunt porttitor libero, vitae lobortis nisl vehicula a. Fusce lectus dui, scelerisque nec suscipit sit amet, finibus ac lacus. Nam vitae scelerisque enim. Cras a metus ut turpis posuere cursus eu ac turpis. Ut rutrum nunc consectetur diam dictum, quis molestie nisl hendrerit. Suspendisse vitae ornare nunc.

Aliquam id libero semper nisl efficitur posuere. Ut placerat magna vel cursus malesuada. Sed vulputate, metus at blandit tempor, nulla erat dictum nisl, id pretium massa elit lacinia ex. Maecenas convallis sed dolor quis efficitur. Nam consectetur ante id pulvinar porta. Donec scelerisque et urna eget pretium. Maecenas ut ligula iaculis, pretium augue at, aliquet lorem. Nunc sit amet varius dui. Cras at tincidunt justo, sed viverra diam. Ut luctus orci sed ligula ultrices, quis sagittis urna ullamcorper. Praesent id egestas felis, vitae aliquet arcu.

Vivamus quis ultricies nisi, non volutpat lectus. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Nullam molestie elementum dui ut ullamcorper. Praesent neque erat, varius nec pretium sed, ultricies sed neque. Pellentesque dictum commodo libero sed finibus. Proin dignissim pulvinar turpis, in hendrerit ex. Maecenas id orci at dolor scelerisque aliquam ut ac eros. Duis accumsan cursus arcu sit amet facilisis. Donec convallis, ante ac efficitur pharetra, velit dolor ullamcorper magna, ut pulvinar felis metus non libero. Aenean quis urna nec ligula lacinia viverra. Proin a porttitor lorem. Maecenas a velit ut nisl maximus semper at ut massa. Nam ac iaculis magna, in bibendum odio. Morbi vitae neque sollicitudin, sollicitudin ipsum nec, luctus eros.

Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Aenean in arcu ullamcorper leo congue consequat. Aenean maximus eleifend consectetur. Pellentesque elementum nibh erat, quis imperdiet tellus bibendum id. Maecenas sed nibh ex. Pellentesque sagittis risus non erat sodales, quis maximus felis rutrum. Aenean fringilla ex lorem, a condimentum sapien rutrum at. Maecenas in vulputate justo, non vulputate sem.

Nullam lectus ex, aliquam vitae urna ac, lacinia euismod elit. Cras consectetur accumsan ultricies. Cras in posuere diam. Etiam ultrices tincidunt orci, eget feugiat sapien eleifend at. Etiam feugiat urna nisi, id malesuada diam pretium sit amet. Aenean lacus tortor, convallis eget aliquam cursus, dignissim vel risus. Donec massa enim, pulvinar non odio in, dignissim mollis leo. Phasellus malesuada, nisl a ultrices bibendum, purus purus malesuada tortor, non ornare erat nunc sed nulla. Suspendisse eget ante nisi. Nunc venenatis ornare augue.

Duis a lacinia elit. Quisque tempus aliquet libero, sed efficitur diam vehicula vel. Maecenas sit amet efficitur erat. Ut dapibus commodo enim, non ornare elit vestibulum sed. Vestibulum vehicula nisi arcu, id feugiat lectus efficitur sit amet. Fusce sollicitudin varius vestibulum. Aliquam in ipsum eget elit gravida euismod.

Maecenas nec gravida neque. Curabitur pretium porttitor ex quis cursus. Vestibulum vestibulum fermentum tortor, sed rhoncus sem tincidunt vel. Donec orci leo, condimentum at lacus maximus, fringilla ultricies velit. Morbi porttitor vehicula mauris non luctus. Praesent gravida semper tristique. Curabitur ac egestas magna. Mauris vel facilisis erat. Ut ornare placerat mi id sollicitudin. Fusce at justo ultricies, congue urna vel, suscipit est. Maecenas vitae nibh lacus. Vivamus condimentum ex sit amet mi vestibulum, vitae convallis velit sagittis. Curabitur consectetur diam ac tempus iaculis. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Nullam ultricies eros sapien, vel viverra purus malesuada ac. Praesent ultrices eget purus sit amet lacinia.

Nullam metus metus, ornare vitae elit eget, vulputate tempor metus. Morbi vestibulum laoreet urna, nec dignissim quam ultrices ac. Donec efficitur auctor quam, sit amet sagittis mi ultricies non. Nulla dignissim tellus lorem, sit amet condimentum elit elementum ut. Donec fringilla aliquam risus at pretium. Ut vehicula sem eu enim fringilla imperdiet. Nam quis elementum magna. Integer sit amet ullamcorper risus. Pellentesque fringilla volutpat mi sit amet imperdiet. Quisque vitae tristique diam. Proin ac pulvinar est. Maecenas sapien quam, lacinia ut mattis sit amet, malesuada eget justo. Duis tempus eu tortor id lacinia. Suspendisse eget turpis sed ipsum egestas elementum pharetra vitae lectus.

Phasellus nec velit metus. Nullam ut rutrum purus, vitae tempor libero. Sed dapibus lacinia massa eu dignissim. Nunc pellentesque tincidunt nisi elementum pharetra. Duis cursus cursus leo sed volutpat. Aenean blandit non lacus quis mollis. Curabitur lobortis interdum est, eu posuere lacus porttitor sit amet. Proin ac magna orci. Nam elementum in lorem quis consectetur. Aenean ac dolor ac arcu dictum suscipit. Suspendisse semper lacus ut eros consequat, non gravida metus congue. Duis id vestibulum nisl.

Nam nisl lacus, pellentesque ac consectetur ut, bibendum nec ipsum. Maecenas aliquet ante eu mauris mattis euismod. Nunc at nibh metus. Maecenas vestibulum diam enim, at mattis ligula mattis sit amet. Maecenas velit metus, faucibus vel ante vitae, ultricies dictum elit. Sed mattis nulla a ipsum placerat, at mollis nulla eleifend. In imperdiet, dui vel mattis feugiat, risus erat gravida metus, eget placerat massa augue ac sapien. Sed laoreet luctus eleifend.

In et risus eget lorem lacinia fringilla id nec urna. In non finibus ipsum. Vestibulum condimentum dictum sapien vitae aliquam. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Vestibulum pretium ligula gravida urna dapibus elementum. Curabitur turpis est, malesuada in nibh a, tincidunt volutpat felis. Aenean eu nisi malesuada, ornare libero quis, tincidunt dolor. Aliquam rhoncus lorem ut eros gravida condimentum. Integer lacinia, nibh et vehicula mattis, lacus sapien rutrum odio, ac sollicitudin odio ante ac est. In facilisis mattis massa fringilla iaculis.

Fusce a magna eu est egestas imperdiet quis ac est. Sed odio magna, posuere vel ornare quis, efficitur at dui. Donec lacinia magna pharetra, malesuada risus ut, sagittis odio. Ut blandit ipsum nec tortor bibendum fringilla non ac lorem. Praesent eget arcu a urna bibendum porttitor eget at odio. Aenean commodo condimentum magna vitae convallis. Proin suscipit scelerisque lorem, id ullamcorper mauris. Pellentesque gravida dapibus augue, a laoreet odio tincidunt nec. Sed egestas nec mauris id fringilla. Ut varius ullamcorper urna at sodales. Nam turpis sem, tempus sit amet tortor in, finibus hendrerit nibh. Proin vitae libero quis felis gravida cursus.

Nunc sodales eu diam nec suscipit. Curabitur tincidunt lectus vel ultrices laoreet. Pellentesque magna risus, dapibus non augue ac, auctor consequat odio. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Aenean non libero quis purus tincidunt rutrum at et lectus. Aliquam sit amet ante cursus, vestibulum dolor vel, pellentesque purus. Pellentesque ut enim eu urna pellentesque tempor. Nam vehicula, ipsum nec tempus dictum, tortor nisl ultricies arcu, et pellentesque sapien dolor sit amet ex. Integer consectetur dolor fringilla nulla gravida feugiat at a metus. Praesent gravida vitae libero et pharetra. Ut quis tincidunt nulla. Suspendisse enim ligula, luctus id ex rhoncus, auctor viverra sapien. Morbi vel massa eu magna consectetur mattis ut eu elit. Proin in porta nulla. In lobortis nisi a congue bibendum.

Nulla non mauris viverra lorem condimentum maximus ut nec lectus. Maecenas nisi ipsum, posuere quis magna at, volutpat ullamcorper tellus. Etiam sapien mi, maximus nec dui id, consequat porta arcu. Nullam nisl tortor, efficitur vitae rutrum eu, tempor scelerisque mi. Aenean non lobortis massa, id tincidunt enim. Sed lobortis cursus ante vitae efficitur. Maecenas id ex dolor. Nulla in varius tortor. Phasellus at lacinia nisi. Integer et sagittis ex. In ornare tortor eu sem bibendum ornare. Quisque hendrerit augue nec massa dictum dapibus.

Nulla facilisi. Vestibulum ultrices arcu et rhoncus varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Integer ultricies tristique dui. Aenean feugiat nisl sed velit luctus, eget mattis orci fermentum. Ut vel ultrices sem. Nunc fringilla orci augue, sit amet interdum quam congue quis. Maecenas accumsan elit ac eleifend cursus.

Nullam dapibus nulla at ex dignissim, tincidunt vulputate tortor ultricies. Cras neque massa, accumsan ut pulvinar consequat, suscipit sed neque. Pellentesque at nulla non tellus dignissim ultrices maximus ut massa. Morbi et odio eu odio efficitur egestas in at neque. In ullamcorper pharetra ultricies. Integer quis dignissim tortor, non pretium justo. Aenean ultricies convallis massa, a ultricies ligula pharetra eget. Vestibulum lobortis non velit et finibus. Sed ut orci est. Aenean sed nisi in dui semper aliquam.

Vestibulum consequat a enim quis rutrum. Mauris vitae ex rhoncus, molestie massa in, tincidunt arcu. Ut condimentum dignissim lacinia. Aliquam in ullamcorper erat, id posuere erat. Sed eu pellentesque diam. Integer mattis tellus sit amet tristique consequat. Quisque sit amet consectetur lorem, id pharetra ipsum. Nunc vel enim fringilla, sodales ante a, vestibulum velit.

Suspendisse molestie suscipit porttitor. Etiam feugiat malesuada vehicula. Nulla at erat turpis. Sed ut mattis est. Vestibulum in elementum velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; In nulla enim, mollis congue tortor at, dictum fringilla eros. Sed consectetur sem a sapien lobortis vestibulum. Vestibulum varius nisi a volutpat mattis. Proin bibendum diam nibh, in gravida arcu ultricies eu. Donec cursus laoreet venenatis. Duis sed tellus tellus.

Vivamus sagittis enim nec elit malesuada, eget fringilla dui bibendum. Etiam imperdiet, ex vel dictum tristique, neque felis posuere ligula, vel tincidunt mi lacus nec mi. Integer varius orci at risus dignissim, sit amet viverra felis congue. Nam id felis porttitor, convallis neque tristique, elementum leo. Pellentesque in justo vitae diam rutrum blandit at nec urna. Donec auctor ultrices risus scelerisque mattis. Donec laoreet mattis velit, sed lobortis sapien malesuada ac. Sed at gravida eros, id dapibus ligula. Maecenas at elit eu nisl consequat iaculis. Donec eget sagittis sem. Praesent scelerisque tincidunt nunc non aliquam. Praesent eleifend turpis vitae dignissim tincidunt. Mauris a iaculis augue. Ut fermentum interdum nibh a porta.

Proin a condimentum risus, tristique cursus elit. Ut egestas ac lacus a dapibus. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Aenean ex nibh, sollicitudin eu erat eu, vulputate gravida risus. Phasellus at enim feugiat, semper est vel, tincidunt justo. Aliquam eleifend eros eu nisl varius placerat. Aenean ut diam nec lorem semper luctus et id odio. Phasellus id arcu at risus tristique eleifend vel quis ex.

Duis a lacinia nisl. Vivamus ac pretium turpis, nec lobortis massa. Aenean eu dui lacus. Sed pharetra dolor eget dignissim tincidunt. Cras at nunc sapien. Mauris sollicitudin nunc id purus maximus rhoncus. Maecenas sagittis interdum ante at efficitur. Donec convallis vulputate consectetur. Duis nunc est, lacinia eget orci a, sollicitudin mattis mauris. Phasellus tristique semper ultricies. Vestibulum luctus ligula et libero scelerisque, et malesuada mi semper. Aliquam rutrum quam bibendum, volutpat lacus ac, venenatis diam. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Mauris vulputate dolor vehicula, volutpat arcu sit amet, pharetra turpis.

Donec nec nisi vel metus malesuada cursus ac id ex. Mauris et laoreet orci, eu tristique ipsum. Nulla orci dui, volutpat vitae metus id, rutrum mattis sapien. Nam eget pulvinar lectus, et feugiat elit. Mauris et est pulvinar, vestibulum eros sed, semper libero. Donec euismod purus sit amet tempus cursus. Fusce sit amet egestas tortor.

Cras tincidunt eros quis placerat ultrices. Morbi vitae massa eros. Proin condimentum at elit ac dictum. Aliquam erat volutpat. Cras at purus at dolor aliquam porta. Curabitur tortor erat, vestibulum vel gravida et, accumsan vel leo. Duis nisi libero, fermentum ac velit vel, faucibus posuere lorem. Nam nisi erat, vestibulum eget metus at, aliquam feugiat enim. Pellentesque fringilla nisi sed tempus blandit. Praesent malesuada euismod orci eget auctor. Duis commodo leo pharetra dui tincidunt ullamcorper. Phasellus ac cursus risus. Integer dignissim enim id viverra egestas. Morbi tempus odio vel quam cursus imperdiet.

Pellentesque at mattis augue, sit amet egestas dolor. Etiam efficitur, nunc et tincidunt ullamcorper, enim nunc condimentum nisl, ac vehicula tellus lectus et leo. In facilisis lacus non dolor pellentesque, vitae vulputate libero sollicitudin. Nulla facilisi. Curabitur vitae ex vel nulla fringilla mollis. Nullam ac ante gravida, ultricies dolor bibendum, vehicula risus. Ut nec elit sodales, faucibus libero id, gravida est. Aenean nec magna lacus. Sed interdum orci sit amet odio pulvinar tristique. Suspendisse consectetur dignissim eros nec consectetur. Nullam sit amet consequat ligula, non cursus magna. Vestibulum venenatis, nisi eget congue tincidunt, nisi eros pellentesque felis, in laoreet ante nisl quis nibh. Quisque purus justo, vehicula vitae porttitor vitae, vehicula id neque.

Nullam ultrices dui vel magna dignissim sagittis. Morbi elementum laoreet augue, nec luctus arcu blandit in. Donec viverra erat efficitur elit commodo, id finibus nisi consectetur. Aliquam finibus, sem et mattis vehicula, dolor lorem eleifend quam, eget egestas velit lacus sit amet odio. Pellentesque molestie erat quis nunc dictum volutpat. Praesent lorem risus, malesuada nec laoreet eget, ultrices id urna. Nulla volutpat feugiat orci, in fermentum odio scelerisque ac. Phasellus hendrerit erat a pharetra laoreet. Quisque ut nisi luctus, efficitur eros in, vestibulum magna. Nunc eu orci ac magna laoreet dapibus. Etiam sed porttitor tortor. Pellentesque porttitor, erat a tincidunt venenatis, turpis odio fringilla elit, ullamcorper facilisis lectus ex quis elit. Praesent ut lobortis elit, in fermentum mauris. Donec a tellus ac mi condimentum ornare.

Nullam ut lorem et arcu accumsan iaculis porta vel ante. Morbi hendrerit lobortis vehicula. Nulla vel justo in lorem sagittis vulputate eu convallis est. Pellentesque luctus ante non libero consequat, ut eleifend justo porttitor. Mauris ornare libero non pharetra tempus. Aenean iaculis lorem in eros ultrices, non vulputate tellus commodo. Praesent tincidunt velit vel odio euismod faucibus.

Morbi quis nisl nec ipsum eleifend laoreet. Etiam sodales, massa in condimentum dictum, ipsum elit molestie enim, at rutrum lacus sem non dolor. Proin turpis ipsum, interdum a mi sed, sagittis laoreet elit. Fusce orci mauris, posuere ac maximus at, commodo at nunc. Morbi mattis euismod enim. Donec ullamcorper bibendum ligula sed luctus. Praesent cursus aliquet ligula sed molestie. Etiam eget sapien mollis neque viverra posuere. Phasellus ac tortor condimentum, scelerisque felis vel, pharetra justo. Sed interdum est id libero auctor, sit amet vulputate libero ornare. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Nulla iaculis urna sem, nec laoreet ligula cursus a. Curabitur luctus nisl id metus malesuada laoreet. Sed iaculis metus ac tellus molestie, non egestas purus sollicitudin. In varius sit amet ante sed placerat. Nunc vitae suscipit quam, at interdum urna.

Proin nunc metus, malesuada fringilla posuere vitae, aliquet in eros. Nulla facilisi. Pellentesque dignissim nisi eget lacinia scelerisque. Proin consectetur hendrerit neque ac dignissim. Vivamus tristique suscipit efficitur. Nulla sodales sapien mattis, semper ante in, euismod justo. Quisque vestibulum tincidunt nulla. Nulla luctus sagittis mauris eu pellentesque.

Mauris nec tempor neque, et maximus justo. Nulla viverra vestibulum auctor. Ut consequat orci est, sit amet semper magna laoreet non. Phasellus laoreet sodales augue, a cursus nisi mattis et. Nulla luctus feugiat velit in volutpat. Curabitur viverra fringilla odio a interdum. Curabitur non porta lectus, non ornare turpis. Vivamus tincidunt laoreet risus, elementum congue nulla malesuada eget.

Suspendisse ornare volutpat est, elementum faucibus quam pharetra at. Duis eu velit ac eros mattis pharetra ac vel quam. Cras luctus congue enim sed ornare. Nullam faucibus ex urna. Maecenas tempor fermentum nisi, ac sollicitudin justo. Nam tortor nunc, pretium in scelerisque vel, pellentesque sit amet dolor. Suspendisse potenti. Nulla a ante nulla. Fusce commodo non risus non efficitur.

Duis venenatis placerat viverra. Suspendisse nec semper massa. Suspendisse potenti. Praesent ut erat ex. Donec tincidunt tristique erat, ac auctor nisi fringilla nec. Fusce sed efficitur tellus, nec interdum nulla. Cras leo odio, viverra eget pretium non, mattis quis sapien. Vivamus ac feugiat massa. Donec fermentum turpis et tortor convallis suscipit non et lacus. Sed sed nibh arcu.

Maecenas sodales varius sem, quis interdum sapien. Quisque nec lorem in diam vehicula iaculis eget id felis. Curabitur mattis, mauris a convallis vestibulum, mauris nisi ullamcorper nisi, a imperdiet nunc elit id neque. Praesent pharetra dolor sit amet nulla tincidunt ornare. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Etiam non convallis sem. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Aliquam volutpat arcu a sem condimentum, in accumsan leo hendrerit. Proin auctor tellus eu rutrum vehicula. Vestibulum convallis convallis augue vitae rhoncus. Nullam ligula quam, dapibus vel vehicula vel, dapibus ullamcorper erat. Morbi at aliquet augue, a elementum dui. Nam quis nunc rhoncus tellus suscipit posuere. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.

In dui nulla, ornare vel placerat eget, fringilla id dolor. Sed sit amet libero felis. Morbi vitae arcu ac magna dictum consectetur a quis odio. Pellentesque purus elit, fermentum sed consequat ac, aliquet non justo. Aliquam ac fringilla leo, non luctus erat. Sed euismod arcu in tristique volutpat. Donec quam ex, pulvinar sit amet aliquam id, molestie nec tellus. Donec suscipit lacus enim, non bibendum metus vehicula at.

Curabitur pulvinar, orci ac fermentum porttitor, ex nulla malesuada lacus, at auctor tellus est in eros. Integer luctus ante neque, at iaculis enim tincidunt eu. Phasellus eget turpis dui. Quisque ipsum nunc, elementum a elit quis, scelerisque pretium risus. Sed fermentum sollicitudin consequat. Donec accumsan justo lectus, non mollis metus efficitur sed. Nunc tincidunt placerat faucibus. In pharetra elit et erat volutpat vestibulum. Maecenas quis maximus neque, vitae tempus odio. Praesent nec lacus at enim faucibus egestas quis in mi. Cras ut interdum mi, et pulvinar odio.

Pellentesque non arcu at risus semper condimentum non ac lectus. Quisque eget quam pellentesque, facilisis ante non, luctus tellus. Mauris augue elit, mollis id tempus ac, posuere at leo. Etiam at cursus nunc. Cras a enim scelerisque dolor vulputate eleifend. Maecenas pharetra arcu sit amet ornare pellentesque. Donec pharetra neque lorem. Quisque in enim in felis placerat tempor id pharetra felis.

Proin in ornare neque. Pellentesque ultrices euismod interdum. Proin ornare lectus id diam iaculis, ac condimentum purus condimentum. Sed finibus magna vitae elit dictum rutrum. Morbi placerat urna ac lacus condimentum, eget accumsan massa porttitor. Nam tincidunt molestie justo, eget tempor ex. Aenean elementum a quam ac pulvinar. Sed eu diam sed ante blandit auctor. Phasellus ut eros id purus varius fringilla non ac nunc. Etiam imperdiet rhoncus malesuada.

Ut pharetra ac purus ut tincidunt. Ut a auctor est. Integer at faucibus eros. Praesent pretium congue mauris, eu ultricies lectus tempus id. Praesent at magna dolor. Quisque accumsan ultricies ligula. Suspendisse non enim ut ligula interdum lacinia. Quisque tempor est varius lacus luctus dapibus. Sed leo neque, gravida ullamcorper diam et, convallis ultricies libero. In ligula velit, vehicula sit amet nibh nec, finibus luctus eros. Mauris maximus justo vel suscipit mollis.

Duis dictum placerat elit, quis pulvinar purus. Sed vitae ullamcorper ante. Aenean lorem libero, porta sit amet suscipit a, finibus eu justo. Nam at dictum neque. Curabitur vel molestie sapien. Ut vel dignissim nisl, vitae imperdiet dolor. Praesent posuere, felis sit amet ullamcorper gravida, diam ante tincidunt turpis, sit amet sollicitudin erat orci eget eros. Mauris at sem neque. Mauris a erat id lorem euismod condimentum. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Maecenas scelerisque leo ut turpis feugiat, vitae tincidunt justo tristique. Donec viverra urna eu pharetra viverra. Integer semper sed leo a lacinia.

Mauris et purus non metus ullamcorper bibendum pellentesque et libero. Cras in tincidunt mauris. Pellentesque porta vitae diam non hendrerit. Suspendisse at porttitor nisl. Vestibulum non ante elementum, elementum libero eget, pellentesque quam. Sed lacinia arcu fermentum tempor viverra. Sed et tortor at turpis consectetur posuere. Nullam vulputate augue ligula, sed fermentum sapien posuere ut. Cras ornare ultricies magna, ac euismod tellus iaculis nec. Curabitur feugiat eu dolor quis ornare. Duis lorem nisl, euismod sed tempus vel, porta a nulla.

Vestibulum in velit semper, efficitur nisi eu, faucibus nunc. Sed tempus, risus dictum viverra sagittis, tortor metus elementum enim, id scelerisque quam est vitae odio. Integer dui arcu, fermentum eu maximus id, efficitur in nisl. Curabitur ac neque tellus. Aliquam pulvinar pulvinar lorem non cursus. Sed fermentum hendrerit erat, vehicula accumsan magna lacinia id. Curabitur vitae massa sed massa faucibus facilisis eu eget lorem. Curabitur lacinia pellentesque commodo. In nec cursus arcu. Mauris sit amet tempor mauris. Nullam sollicitudin lacus sed arcu venenatis mollis. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Duis augue lorem, convallis in bibendum sed, bibendum vestibulum nunc. Donec ac diam eget libero ultrices fermentum at in quam. Pellentesque venenatis vehicula nunc vitae interdum. Nullam facilisis tristique pulvinar.

Sed suscipit eros sodales, bibendum erat quis, ullamcorper lorem. Mauris elementum nibh sed magna efficitur, et facilisis purus ultricies. Aenean dictum, turpis eu condimentum porttitor, odio risus luctus odio, eu finibus justo metus nec diam. Cras nec tellus iaculis, porttitor nibh nec, faucibus felis. Maecenas aliquam neque et bibendum iaculis. Vestibulum non aliquet orci. Curabitur mattis non nisl sed consectetur. Aliquam sed est lacinia felis luctus scelerisque at ut massa. Duis laoreet, felis a rhoncus interdum, dui felis ullamcorper tellus, eu accumsan eros metus sed sapien. Cras eu suscipit ex.

Praesent efficitur velit eu felis blandit, sit amet commodo odio faucibus. Cras fermentum lacus dolor, non suscipit sapien pellentesque quis. Quisque eu viverra sem. Nunc tempor dolor dui, et accumsan felis semper a. Morbi auctor nunc in varius dapibus. In hendrerit turpis tortor, at imperdiet odio tempor ac. Nulla facilisi. Aenean convallis dui lorem, eu elementum urna tempus at. Integer interdum, lorem quis ultrices sodales, nibh massa cursus leo, vel sagittis risus tellus a elit. Morbi a lacus ac purus finibus venenatis. Duis tincidunt enim arcu, fermentum euismod ligula aliquam sit amet. Mauris sed molestie ex, in iaculis mauris. Phasellus volutpat turpis vitae urna sollicitudin efficitur. Duis laoreet fringilla mauris et euismod.

Integer imperdiet imperdiet odio a rhoncus. Fusce aliquet tortor ac arcu commodo cursus. Nullam in elit leo. Integer ultrices metus et dapibus convallis. Duis sit amet rhoncus arcu, ut feugiat sapien. Maecenas scelerisque feugiat vulputate. In ullamcorper sit amet ipsum ut feugiat. Phasellus quis faucibus purus. Integer velit augue, tincidunt non posuere quis, luctus blandit orci. Duis a erat lorem. Cras augue eros, porttitor non efficitur quis, egestas id lacus.

Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Vivamus fermentum nisl sit amet malesuada faucibus. Integer nisi lorem, iaculis ac finibus ut, iaculis sed justo. Proin pharetra leo quis diam condimentum, non posuere tortor mollis. Pellentesque vitae ornare magna. In consequat sit amet purus vel suscipit. Praesent congue convallis nunc in molestie. Duis a sagittis velit. Cras pulvinar felis ut justo posuere laoreet. Nam blandit risus nec imperdiet tristique. Sed in neque vitae velit mattis condimentum eu at sem.

Nunc pretium libero eget convallis tempus. Duis diam turpis, posuere eu dui non, congue molestie ex. Proin congue erat sit amet augue consequat tristique. Vestibulum congue gravida turpis id pellentesque. Cras pulvinar sem sed pharetra volutpat. Donec sed rhoncus nisl. Proin bibendum pellentesque elit posuere faucibus. Sed eget massa nec ante aliquet rutrum. Nullam pharetra pulvinar velit a dictum. Quisque consectetur facilisis posuere. Proin condimentum imperdiet ornare. Vivamus vulputate tempor elit, eu dapibus lectus ultricies a. Donec lacinia ultricies ex, et egestas nisl commodo sit amet.

Integer eget metus nisl. Nullam blandit cursus elit. Vestibulum varius nibh ex, nec lacinia turpis lacinia vel. Cras gravida dui sit amet mi viverra rhoncus. Morbi accumsan accumsan egestas. Sed tortor ligula, viverra volutpat sodales placerat, viverra at dui. Aliquam commodo nulla nec diam pretium fermentum. Duis lorem orci, consequat non bibendum eget, facilisis non mi. Nam eget magna est. Morbi consectetur gravida ex, feugiat suscipit libero. Morbi malesuada enim vitae diam vulputate mattis. Vestibulum ut augue velit.

Aliquam vitae purus a nisi auctor posuere. Vestibulum at enim enim. Phasellus elementum imperdiet fringilla. Sed scelerisque ex eu metus ornare, nec dignissim ligula mollis. Curabitur posuere condimentum malesuada. Aenean eget libero id mi viverra finibus. Integer faucibus odio vitae lacinia luctus. Morbi faucibus ante ante, a rhoncus nibh vestibulum viverra. Donec justo urna, ultricies vitae urna a, tincidunt pulvinar arcu. In pretium pretium consequat. Praesent mattis, ex quis sollicitudin pellentesque, enim magna facilisis quam, in fermentum nisi leo quis dui. Phasellus ac mollis urna. In pellentesque ipsum id risus dapibus venenatis. Duis at blandit lectus, vel sagittis dolor. Vestibulum neque quam, euismod venenatis aliquet id, tincidunt id arcu. Aenean tincidunt varius ipsum, nec iaculis lorem luctus sit amet.

Sed finibus lacus dolor, sed condimentum leo imperdiet in. Nunc consectetur leo sit amet euismod imperdiet. Vestibulum tristique venenatis neque ac porttitor. Fusce semper feugiat purus sed pharetra. Vestibulum ipsum magna, efficitur ac justo a, vestibulum consectetur arcu. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Sed quis laoreet velit. Integer varius lacus at urna volutpat bibendum. Pellentesque bibendum vehicula sem imperdiet pellentesque. Donec tempor vulputate lacus eu pulvinar.

Cras ac iaculis tellus. Cras semper augue non nisl mattis hendrerit. Mauris fringilla, tortor eget venenatis pharetra, metus leo auctor urna, nec elementum enim tortor sit amet mi. Etiam venenatis lacus id quam suscipit, ac hendrerit ante imperdiet. Morbi gravida augue ut posuere luctus. Suspendisse egestas purus quis eleifend sagittis. Sed varius urna mi, eu cursus nisl condimentum id. Vivamus aliquam efficitur pharetra. Etiam at aliquet odio. Nulla efficitur nibh sit amet sapien facilisis convallis. Fusce non ligula tincidunt est elementum feugiat ut vitae felis. Donec laoreet facilisis metus, ac vehicula erat maximus sed.

Duis a interdum est, et semper turpis. Praesent fermentum faucibus tellus et lobortis. Nullam eget mollis augue, in fringilla urna. Aliquam nec rutrum tellus, in efficitur erat. Integer sit amet consectetur sem. Vivamus dictum sem non faucibus venenatis. Duis auctor mauris vel finibus laoreet. Fusce eget pulvinar neque. Aliquam in auctor elit.

Praesent et erat placerat, scelerisque nulla a, dictum nibh. Curabitur nec lacus eget ipsum luctus elementum at eu mauris. Duis ultrices molestie lacinia. Suspendisse aliquam fringilla consequat. Vivamus quis tortor eu mi finibus aliquet non id ante. Pellentesque non suscipit ante. Sed tincidunt est purus, sit amet consequat sapien ultricies eu. Integer ante lacus, vestibulum at elit a, dapibus tincidunt risus. Integer leo diam, imperdiet sit amet iaculis sed, blandit quis sapien. Morbi dignissim viverra tortor. Maecenas in semper tortor. Vivamus cursus justo nunc. Aenean quis dolor est. In est dolor, vulputate eu iaculis sit amet, fringilla porttitor est. Praesent tincidunt malesuada dolor, vitae interdum lectus mattis non.

Curabitur at tortor elit. Suspendisse efficitur erat viverra, tincidunt velit a, accumsan metus. Vestibulum et consectetur lacus. Donec volutpat tempus orci vel vestibulum. Donec vitae felis sit amet lacus vulputate suscipit. Integer laoreet nisl et velit varius scelerisque. Sed in vestibulum leo, scelerisque suscipit sem. Nam aliquet lacinia ante, eget facilisis orci pharetra nec.

Integer nec leo iaculis, maximus orci a, vestibulum augue. Maecenas luctus varius tortor, id consequat mauris. In ac tristique justo. Ut lorem purus, viverra eu augue non, varius sodales nunc. Aenean pretium ipsum quis ipsum vulputate, non bibendum lacus mollis. Integer vel tellus mattis dolor vulputate commodo. Nulla maximus consequat dui at pretium. Nunc lacus orci, malesuada in sagittis sed, luctus eu nunc. Proin est turpis, malesuada eleifend urna et, varius venenatis neque. Etiam laoreet turpis sed felis blandit, in ultricies elit tristique. Sed justo enim, dapibus at felis sed, consequat iaculis velit. Aliquam erat volutpat.

Vivamus arcu mauris, faucibus sed suscipit et, iaculis quis ligula. Sed pretium nulla in velit facilisis, nec feugiat nisi imperdiet. Duis sit amet enim arcu. Aliquam non quam quis diam cursus tempor. Proin sed tempus nunc. Vestibulum felis turpis, auctor eu iaculis eget, vestibulum at diam. Integer bibendum massa est, et dictum nibh fermentum vel.

Nunc vitae volutpat tortor, sit amet laoreet metus. Sed vitae purus quis tortor accumsan varius ac sed ligula. Nulla eu vulputate nulla, et finibus lorem. Curabitur nulla orci, auctor sed lacus id, tristique sollicitudin justo. Vestibulum porta leo quis velit aliquet bibendum. Donec feugiat consectetur pharetra. Phasellus ac elit nisl. Vivamus id erat eu nibh mollis porttitor. Etiam pharetra quam massa, nec dignissim neque porttitor in. Aenean imperdiet orci non luctus interdum. Maecenas vitae libero venenatis, auctor ante nec, tincidunt lectus.

Phasellus at placerat ligula. Donec aliquam ipsum augue, eu facilisis nunc pretium eu. Donec pretium eget leo at consequat. Phasellus vulputate vestibulum enim a placerat. Phasellus ut dui eu mi finibus lobortis. Ut ipsum turpis, dictum vitae eros ut, viverra mattis sapien. Vivamus egestas at nisi ultricies faucibus. Maecenas vitae massa at sapien elementum fermentum ultrices vitae nunc. Fusce magna elit, luctus a sollicitudin eget, sollicitudin at nisl. Donec congue pellentesque dolor, vel ullamcorper nunc rhoncus ut. Nulla sit amet semper odio. Morbi blandit sagittis libero eget pharetra.

Pellentesque molestie, ex quis varius bibendum, nibh neque tempus massa, quis lobortis nisi leo sit amet mauris. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Sed vel libero purus. Integer ut purus vitae quam tempor efficitur blandit eget sapien. Praesent laoreet, mauris sit amet ornare dapibus, elit lorem fringilla elit, quis vulputate nisi urna ut turpis. Phasellus tempus facilisis neque ut faucibus. Nunc eros ipsum, vehicula sed mi at, tincidunt iaculis dui. Sed vel tincidunt magna. Vivamus tempor non sapien vitae maximus. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Morbi consequat urna dui, nec vehicula velit tempus vel. Sed tincidunt non sem vel tempor. Curabitur eu rutrum sapien, sed pellentesque nunc.

Sed ornare feugiat purus, sit amet lacinia purus porttitor ut. Aliquam lacus leo, ultricies nec accumsan in, rhoncus ullamcorper nulla. Pellentesque lacinia, ante id volutpat pretium, sem est lacinia purus, nec facilisis tellus augue in erat. Nullam non viverra lacus, ut consectetur neque. Mauris luctus gravida suscipit. In congue, quam ut iaculis pellentesque, lorem est gravida nulla, sed accumsan sem lectus vitae erat. Donec nec turpis libero. Donec fermentum elit eget posuere sodales. Vivamus pharetra eros condimentum dui scelerisque dignissim. Maecenas sit amet ex diam. Integer pulvinar erat eget rhoncus elementum.

Nam quis egestas nulla. Suspendisse vitae varius sapien. Nunc cursus tortor nec congue ornare. Mauris vehicula luctus elementum. Maecenas tortor est, condimentum in libero sit amet, dictum fringilla neque. Vestibulum vitae sodales arcu, sed aliquam nisi. Praesent nibh urna, congue nec arcu in, auctor eleifend mi. Integer ut aliquet ante. Duis elit felis, volutpat eu molestie a, accumsan non libero. Mauris id volutpat dolor, at mollis mi. Suspendisse ornare scelerisque orci sit amet convallis. Vestibulum a ligula consequat, placerat lorem eget, consequat arcu. Nunc et elit porta, pellentesque ante sed, consectetur nulla. Morbi non turpis metus. Curabitur eu nisl et arcu vulputate tincidunt.

Nunc ornare scelerisque libero. Ut posuere molestie orci. Curabitur et nibh malesuada, mattis mauris in, gravida mauris. Sed elementum magna id elementum auctor. Suspendisse vel massa id libero vehicula convallis nec at velit. Curabitur in magna congue, volutpat ipsum vel, interdum lacus. Aenean ornare purus vitae posuere sagittis. Nam faucibus cursus dapibus. Donec vitae bibendum leo. Vestibulum ultricies odio ac volutpat malesuada.

Nulla laoreet felis augue, id fringilla massa elementum a. Nunc in tempus lacus, quis finibus nisi. Suspendisse rhoncus faucibus leo, eget viverra nibh feugiat quis. Morbi volutpat arcu in tortor gravida laoreet. In ac turpis ac ante fermentum vestibulum. Nullam pellentesque dictum est a congue. Curabitur accumsan ex a dignissim malesuada.

Vestibulum at dictum arcu. Curabitur sollicitudin tristique nunc sed tempor. Praesent efficitur nisl ante, eget euismod sem posuere ac. Fusce commodo, odio quis dignissim vestibulum, ante eros vestibulum velit, sed tempor tortor velit nec ante. Aliquam porta nisi et finibus elementum. Mauris interdum sollicitudin tristique. Aenean tempus eget massa sed feugiat.

Cras auctor dapibus suscipit. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Integer eleifend vitae risus eleifend commodo. Donec maximus est ac luctus porttitor. Maecenas lacus eros, sagittis id est in, pharetra posuere velit. Nullam nec consequat lectus, vitae vulputate tortor. Nullam scelerisque tincidunt lectus, vel tincidunt enim aliquam eu. Morbi vel pellentesque lorem, sit amet viverra nibh. Proin sem magna, scelerisque in nisi at, facilisis faucibus mauris. Maecenas posuere gravida commodo. Mauris pretium urna nunc, quis luctus purus auctor eu. Duis in nisi pharetra, bibendum enim non, tincidunt ipsum. Integer sed orci at elit tincidunt vestibulum et nec neque. Curabitur lobortis tellus non lorem tincidunt, gravida porttitor nibh tempor. Proin vitae ipsum maximus, elementum tortor ut, rhoncus orci.

Praesent maximus neque at elementum sodales. Donec posuere tristique ligula quis consectetur. Proin commodo risus ac erat faucibus lacinia. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Donec feugiat ultricies nisi, non cursus magna faucibus vel. Nam congue, lorem ac congue egestas, augue nulla semper lectus, vel mollis arcu nibh ac turpis. Proin lobortis fermentum hendrerit. Aliquam volutpat sem eget arcu tempor, et vestibulum ipsum cursus. Donec feugiat leo augue, ac dignissim sem tristique a. Etiam sollicitudin tincidunt ligula ac rutrum. Fusce sagittis eros purus, sit amet porttitor dolor euismod et. In dapibus at ex eget egestas. In ut blandit mi.

Nulla sit amet ipsum tortor. Donec dictum lacinia diam vitae egestas. Maecenas elementum sodales felis vel vulputate. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. In in neque nisi. Integer et convallis tortor. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Curabitur libero velit, molestie vitae varius ac, porta eu sem. Morbi vitae lacus tempus, lobortis purus et, mollis lectus. Pellentesque faucibus lorem at nibh tincidunt fermentum. Vestibulum eros lorem, porttitor ut lorem at, feugiat malesuada metus.

Integer purus sem, molestie quis porta eget, pellentesque eu dui. Etiam fringilla sapien at tellus dictum consequat. Vivamus hendrerit et lorem vel consectetur. Aenean rhoncus ipsum lobortis lacus dignissim tincidunt. Nulla imperdiet, velit sit amet commodo sagittis, lorem odio dignissim felis, a eleifend libero arcu eu arcu. Aliquam porttitor vestibulum quam, at laoreet arcu efficitur at. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. In rhoncus massa sed justo sodales lacinia. Donec laoreet dignissim odio, vitae tempor urna elementum a. Sed in consequat risus, sit amet vehicula dui. Praesent faucibus hendrerit urna eu lobortis. Sed cursus placerat rutrum.

Sed non eleifend lorem, eget interdum leo. Quisque ante eros, ornare et neque nec, mattis commodo urna. Morbi consequat arcu sed ex feugiat condimentum. Curabitur dapibus tristique tellus, vitae pretium enim. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Phasellus id sollicitudin tellus, scelerisque auctor lectus. Fusce id dapibus est. Mauris ultricies leo in mi vestibulum fringilla. Sed facilisis ante at mollis condimentum. Nunc vitae suscipit nisl, finibus finibus mi. Nunc feugiat ligula ut nisl egestas, eu aliquam lorem faucibus. Aliquam luctus suscipit erat, eu placerat velit posuere non. Aliquam at quam ut libero tincidunt pulvinar. Phasellus consectetur magna a tellus consequat lacinia in sed magna. Pellentesque non diam eget tortor suscipit congue.

Pellentesque id tortor massa. Nulla volutpat dictum turpis, non tincidunt quam efficitur in. Proin a luctus sapien. Quisque sodales mauris et odio tincidunt, eget sagittis massa tempus. Maecenas iaculis, metus ac laoreet semper, nisl arcu scelerisque urna, et rhoncus nunc risus eu est. Suspendisse sagittis tellus sed justo scelerisque, eu sollicitudin ante venenatis. Sed a porttitor turpis. Fusce interdum mi sed leo euismod consequat. Quisque efficitur tempor odio non placerat. Proin pulvinar lorem nisl. Duis elementum molestie blandit. In aliquam, lacus nec tincidunt rutrum, tellus tortor consectetur neque, et venenatis massa ex vitae erat.

Ut maximus pharetra ullamcorper. Ut a accumsan ligula, eu porta nulla. Aenean vel neque diam. Maecenas quis ligula ultricies, cursus erat nec, condimentum mi. Vestibulum enim mi, finibus nec facilisis sit amet, mollis luctus eros. Fusce molestie arcu at arcu tincidunt fringilla. In consequat a odio at finibus. Sed viverra tincidunt luctus. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae;

Praesent rhoncus turpis et ante aliquam, sed hendrerit magna fringilla. Nam id urna lobortis, suscipit nibh pellentesque, fringilla justo. Suspendisse porttitor nunc ut dui dignissim imperdiet. Nunc imperdiet magna porta tellus ornare condimentum. Ut condimentum nibh non tortor tincidunt malesuada. Aenean ullamcorper suscipit diam at aliquam. Donec ac sodales nibh. Praesent cursus laoreet ipsum nec fringilla. Pellentesque rutrum quis neque in scelerisque. Maecenas ut turpis ut justo tincidunt imperdiet nec vitae nisl. Nam ullamcorper, lacus a feugiat semper, risus neque mattis diam, eget interdum turpis dolor ac massa. Mauris et maximus sem, sed dignissim urna.

Etiam auctor molestie accumsan. Vivamus imperdiet placerat eleifend. Fusce eu erat nec tortor volutpat vulputate a non tellus. Nullam non tincidunt diam. Nunc vehicula consectetur dolor euismod facilisis. Aliquam erat volutpat. Nam scelerisque sem ut lorem facilisis, non vehicula quam cursus. Sed mollis molestie neque sed tincidunt.

Nulla id gravida velit. Donec tortor tortor, consequat sit amet rutrum id, sodales varius sem. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Cras a viverra neque, nec laoreet augue. Ut eget turpis eu purus porttitor maximus. Nunc eget viverra lorem. Nulla tristique, libero eu tempor posuere, lacus urna sollicitudin nulla, eget aliquet dui nulla sit amet ipsum.

Vivamus sed ex in ipsum dignissim volutpat vitae a elit. Ut sagittis non tellus in posuere. Phasellus fringilla aliquam volutpat. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Etiam pretium maximus hendrerit. Integer ut molestie nulla, sed condimentum nibh. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Nullam interdum libero in elit tincidunt, eget lobortis magna auctor. Nulla feugiat augue et maximus facilisis. Mauris lacinia maximus efficitur. Cras ac tempor erat. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

Vivamus et mauris ornare, sodales orci ac, molestie tellus. In congue ligula in felis semper, ut lobortis libero tempus. Phasellus dictum, erat nec facilisis cursus, erat mauris malesuada libero, sed mattis nisi urna ac lacus. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Nam magna est, commodo vitae vestibulum eget, sollicitudin sed sapien. Etiam rhoncus posuere massa, in aliquet tortor convallis ac. Ut tristique dignissim libero in sollicitudin. Ut a sapien feugiat, vehicula nunc id, dapibus eros.

Vestibulum mollis leo eget neque vulputate malesuada. Proin convallis non risus vel suscipit. Morbi a euismod mauris, in pharetra sapien. Mauris urna velit, porta a condimentum non, luctus tincidunt libero. Nunc vitae maximus metus. Praesent quis neque id enim pulvinar scelerisque non quis neque. Sed commodo ipsum arcu, non blandit nulla sodales laoreet. Nulla porta, sapien et porta facilisis, dolor tellus efficitur ex, dapibus ornare arcu tellus nec est. Nunc ut enim ut ex condimentum consequat et quis velit. Donec malesuada, sem molestie porttitor iaculis, nisl eros sodales neque, in euismod erat metus id risus.

Donec et eleifend lectus. Phasellus eu tellus quam. Sed scelerisque eros id mi porta vestibulum. Aenean bibendum luctus erat eget tincidunt. Ut eleifend dolor sed nunc vulputate, non congue elit blandit. Maecenas suscipit diam molestie ipsum mollis, eu porta felis cursus. In finibus posuere nunc, in tincidunt libero accumsan et. Proin ligula libero, faucibus at aliquam volutpat, cursus a dolor. Aliquam convallis tincidunt justo, non aliquet nisi lobortis in. Donec eu tincidunt augue. Fusce quis massa consequat, imperdiet ipsum quis, mattis odio. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Mauris ipsum magna, auctor nec enim vel, maximus feugiat purus. Nam quis lacinia eros. Aenean pharetra condimentum egestas. In facilisis porta metus accumsan euismod.

Vivamus ac feugiat mi. Curabitur ut diam maximus, iaculis mauris eu, aliquet urna. Mauris ornare felis vulputate purus tempus, non efficitur magna sollicitudin. Mauris a commodo urna, quis tristique ipsum. Donec rhoncus orci vitae enim fringilla, eget commodo justo aliquam. Vestibulum venenatis tellus eget augue elementum interdum. Fusce in lorem et erat convallis egestas id sit amet turpis.

Curabitur et augue sagittis, finibus elit ac, iaculis libero. Phasellus consectetur accumsan mollis. Nulla facilisi. Nullam luctus ante urna, et facilisis lorem ultricies vel. Mauris feugiat pretium porta. Quisque eros felis, feugiat id mattis eu, imperdiet at orci. Cras urna magna, gravida vitae ullamcorper vitae, euismod vel magna. Donec euismod augue quam, a blandit arcu ullamcorper mollis. Phasellus tristique sit amet ligula a pharetra. Integer consectetur augue fringilla sapien faucibus iaculis. Donec laoreet vitae lorem nec consectetur. Etiam eget ornare massa. Curabitur malesuada ante justo, eu accumsan diam tincidunt ac. Donec eros justo, imperdiet vitae viverra sed, lobortis maximus odio. Pellentesque elementum vehicula urna sed commodo. Curabitur eu rhoncus metus.

Sed ultricies leo dui, quis luctus elit ornare vitae. Curabitur commodo ex justo, nec mattis ligula accumsan in. Nam erat ligula, sollicitudin eget suscipit quis, sollicitudin et ipsum. Ut efficitur eget neque quis tincidunt. Ut scelerisque lectus id leo ultricies, non malesuada urna dictum. Phasellus nibh tortor, molestie eu euismod a, tempus maximus leo. Mauris maximus vestibulum odio vitae mollis. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Etiam laoreet lacinia mollis. Vestibulum vitae metus est. Nam et maximus justo. Sed non condimentum odio, nec mollis justo. Etiam nisi ligula, luctus eget mattis volutpat, vestibulum ac magna.

Donec eu ornare sapien, in placerat nibh. Nunc purus quam, commodo lacinia quam non, cursus feugiat erat. Etiam pharetra, nibh vitae maximus ultrices, libero dolor consequat tortor, sed auctor odio mauris a neque. Quisque eu eros a libero scelerisque blandit ac a dolor. Vivamus maximus tristique eros, eu mollis quam condimentum ac. Nunc efficitur, arcu eu venenatis placerat, justo velit fringilla tellus, sit amet sollicitudin sapien sem ut enim. Nunc sagittis bibendum diam, viverra finibus leo tincidunt at. Donec sed vehicula orci. Integer pellentesque quis nisl eu tincidunt. Curabitur nec mauris nec nunc condimentum volutpat.

Pellentesque posuere metus eu faucibus ornare. Cras lobortis ut lectus a sodales. Sed ultricies ligula eget tempor semper. Nullam interdum sed ante eget venenatis. Nulla maximus leo nec felis tincidunt, vel semper purus porttitor. Etiam dapibus enim sed sem lobortis convallis. Nunc maximus purus in ornare gravida. Duis egestas luctus pretium. Integer erat quam, tempus ac metus et, tincidunt accumsan est. Vivamus quis neque tempor metus imperdiet ultricies id sed erat. Nulla rutrum mi sit amet condimentum accumsan. Nullam felis metus, maximus vel mauris vitae, ultricies hendrerit lorem. Nulla ultrices sed mauris a luctus.

Aenean at arcu iaculis, elementum eros in, sollicitudin nunc. Morbi ut diam lacus. Duis sodales tortor mollis erat condimentum, et blandit nunc mattis. Vestibulum sodales leo at pellentesque sodales. Donec mattis arcu vel lectus eleifend, sit amet varius nisi sagittis. Duis sit amet ullamcorper sem. Ut ut justo nec ipsum elementum suscipit. Sed fermentum consequat lorem. Cras vehicula mollis arcu ut blandit. Pellentesque viverra ac lacus non vulputate. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Sed dictum massa diam, ut accumsan lacus convallis non. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In quam tortor, ultricies sed elementum at, tristique vel augue.

Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vivamus placerat mi a mauris tincidunt commodo. Cras imperdiet hendrerit leo in efficitur. Fusce sed interdum odio, nec scelerisque ipsum. Quisque quam dolor, fermentum sit amet tempor a, pellentesque nec massa. Ut scelerisque eleifend pharetra. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos.

Vestibulum egestas felis augue, quis faucibus felis vulputate sit amet. Etiam imperdiet, tortor a ultricies euismod, leo diam molestie dui, quis eleifend lorem nibh nec nisl. Donec vitae euismod magna, sit amet accumsan diam. Pellentesque luctus sit amet velit pellentesque consequat. Pellentesque porta risus sit amet enim fermentum bibendum. Donec nibh massa, maximus nec elementum id, suscipit euismod nisl. Vivamus rutrum id tortor vitae iaculis. Aliquam erat volutpat. Suspendisse et elementum tellus. Integer id auctor turpis, et interdum est.

Morbi euismod convallis purus, quis molestie ipsum vulputate non. Suspendisse ornare porta nulla, id semper ex accumsan ut. Curabitur facilisis quis odio vitae sagittis. Praesent vestibulum sem lectus, at semper elit maximus quis. Quisque nec libero ut est posuere tristique ut sit amet quam. In vulputate enim sit amet ligula facilisis sollicitudin. Phasellus elit urna, cursus et eros a, egestas vulputate ante. Quisque imperdiet ornare dictum.

Curabitur eu nulla mauris. In tristique vehicula dui, ac sollicitudin odio gravida ac. Integer pulvinar, lacus vitae dapibus luctus, lectus mauris congue lacus, at blandit purus sapien nec ante. Aliquam erat volutpat. Fusce venenatis tellus condimentum sem lobortis fermentum. Nulla facilisi. Aenean eget pulvinar velit. Suspendisse quis finibus erat, ac vulputate elit. Nam in nunc nec arcu facilisis imperdiet. Phasellus sed velit vitae lorem tincidunt varius. Maecenas vitae cursus turpis, a vehicula dolor. Mauris ac massa dapibus, molestie nisl dictum, varius mauris. Pellentesque non tortor risus. Phasellus pharetra viverra massa eu placerat. Morbi tempus egestas mi, in scelerisque augue tempor in.

Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Phasellus lobortis enim dolor, ac iaculis lectus egestas eu. Ut in lorem cursus, malesuada mi eu, placerat turpis. Integer condimentum nisi non dapibus tempus. Fusce pellentesque pulvinar nisl ultrices dictum. Praesent ullamcorper tincidunt neque, in varius nulla. Donec sit amet turpis maximus, vulputate diam eget, vestibulum lectus. Integer auctor porta enim, ut lobortis nibh convallis nec. Nulla in auctor tortor. Nulla aliquet vitae neque blandit fringilla. Nullam ultricies nibh quis mauris molestie, id pulvinar arcu sodales. In cursus scelerisque purus, eu gravida sapien faucibus in. Cras id laoreet nunc. Phasellus tellus lectus, tincidunt et neque in, vestibulum varius mauris. Maecenas libero eros, mollis sed enim eget, euismod efficitur diam. Integer dolor arcu, scelerisque vel ligula a, pellentesque commodo dui.

Aliquam et congue sem. Curabitur porta ex lacus, sit amet feugiat dolor pulvinar a. Vivamus vel augue ultrices, dapibus turpis eu, ultrices dolor. Integer nec tellus justo. Morbi convallis sit amet eros in congue. Phasellus ut fringilla nulla. Praesent rutrum convallis nibh vel molestie. Etiam aliquam rutrum lorem, varius facilisis erat commodo a.

Nam sed pharetra lorem. Cras consequat at lectus non semper. Donec non augue placerat, vestibulum magna ac, luctus massa. Praesent dignissim, arcu eleifend tempus commodo, tortor nibh semper sem, et malesuada dolor dui nec nisl. Sed tristique augue sed turpis dignissim, nec scelerisque purus pellentesque. Ut consequat est a ante posuere, vitae fringilla elit blandit. Quisque nunc felis, pulvinar sed vehicula sed, sollicitudin eu nisi. Sed feugiat magna ipsum, id sagittis purus accumsan id. Integer sollicitudin ipsum nec libero congue dictum.

Vestibulum dictum nisl ac egestas efficitur. Etiam odio tellus, congue nec ultrices non, interdum nec leo. Proin id malesuada odio. Ut tristique scelerisque mi, at iaculis justo accumsan in. Suspendisse placerat iaculis pretium. Fusce porttitor tortor id aliquam finibus. Nam ornare odio id dui blandit, ut pretium magna commodo. Quisque ut tortor fermentum, molestie orci id, pellentesque metus. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Fusce rutrum ipsum at risus condimentum fringilla. Sed porttitor id lectus nec elementum. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Pellentesque dignissim dictum lorem eget eleifend. Suspendisse potenti.

Donec imperdiet blandit neque quis egestas. Proin dictum nisi eget lectus semper, eget faucibus mi congue. Vivamus sagittis magna et ex maximus eleifend ac quis risus. Phasellus sed magna at lorem laoreet tincidunt. Phasellus elementum lacus tellus, et blandit lorem sodales porta. Vivamus vulputate nisl vel erat malesuada viverra. Nullam mi nibh, tincidunt id arcu id, porttitor elementum quam. Praesent imperdiet nunc tempor, dapibus justo a, egestas enim. Praesent imperdiet diam vitae mauris venenatis vehicula. Duis ac dapibus eros. Aenean cursus enim quis erat aliquet consectetur.

Sed et turpis sed odio feugiat auctor. Etiam dictum lacinia tortor, ac euismod nisi auctor non. Pellentesque et sem nisl. Morbi fermentum nunc metus, vitae commodo nisl mollis vitae. Proin varius nisi et nibh cursus suscipit. Aliquam erat volutpat. Maecenas molestie massa non est fringilla feugiat. Duis posuere turpis in imperdiet pharetra. Duis vitae mattis tortor. Praesent vehicula augue est, et pretium dolor euismod at.

Aliquam metus ligula, consectetur sed mi at, consectetur congue risus. Sed eget neque quis sem dictum dignissim. Curabitur id ullamcorper diam. Suspendisse maximus, sapien et eleifend bibendum, tellus felis ornare purus, vel hendrerit nisl eros non nunc. Aenean et sem iaculis, maximus libero non, mollis metus. Sed nec mi laoreet, accumsan nisl vel, egestas massa. Quisque tincidunt dui turpis, eu finibus tellus finibus vitae. Cras in libero neque. Quisque faucibus eros a auctor iaculis. Aliquam augue elit, vestibulum ac rutrum ut, volutpat ac ante. Mauris dapibus tellus posuere, tempus sapien vitae, efficitur tellus. Pellentesque tempus mollis lectus, sed volutpat metus aliquet quis. Suspendisse quis venenatis tellus. Sed vel varius nisl. Curabitur porta lacus sit amet ligula tincidunt, non pharetra nunc congue. Nulla interdum massa ex, id faucibus elit faucibus eu.

Quisque mollis ultricies leo. Proin ac est ac sapien accumsan commodo. Cras non urna quis arcu aliquam aliquet. Integer a lacus a odio iaculis aliquam ac ac magna. Suspendisse potenti. Nulla venenatis mattis lobortis. Duis fringilla aliquet posuere. Aliquam arcu quam, mollis non urna quis, lacinia gravida neque. Nulla sodales dolor eget nisl euismod aliquam. Maecenas non diam ut risus faucibus varius vel vitae felis. Ut id blandit magna. Phasellus massa metus, sagittis at lobortis non, convallis eget nisl. Curabitur nunc turpis, consectetur id velit sit amet, condimentum dapibus eros. Fusce sapien ante, elementum vitae augue a, tincidunt vestibulum risus. Maecenas lacinia finibus massa, vitae vehicula magna facilisis vitae.

In laoreet ut erat sit amet hendrerit. Nam malesuada sollicitudin ante eu sollicitudin. Curabitur condimentum nisl sit amet leo condimentum, vitae gravida lorem ullamcorper. Fusce id ligula ac leo sagittis blandit a non dolor. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Integer lacinia lacinia congue. Integer ut quam nec urna luctus egestas sed non augue. Praesent dapibus nisl sed leo pulvinar sagittis. Pellentesque eu sem vehicula mauris sodales sollicitudin. Duis finibus augue ut venenatis placerat.

Quisque accumsan cursus iaculis. Nam efficitur tincidunt nulla eget pharetra. Curabitur mattis erat id nisi sodales sagittis. Etiam nisl felis, interdum rhoncus bibendum nec, volutpat eu eros. In pharetra elementum convallis. Sed vestibulum pharetra enim vel pretium. Pellentesque magna ligula, lobortis id enim vitae, pharetra pharetra tellus. Nam ultricies vehicula pellentesque. Aliquam quis commodo metus. Integer ullamcorper pretium elit, sit amet molestie justo egestas et. Mauris dapibus nec massa ut vehicula. In congue augue felis, in blandit urna feugiat vel. Proin sem augue, lacinia id euismod sit amet, varius eget augue. Integer fringilla luctus vestibulum. Praesent porta dolor est, et tempus lectus ultrices vitae. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae;

Vestibulum mattis tristique nunc, quis lobortis quam. Curabitur quis urna non nunc sagittis dapibus. Phasellus ullamcorper orci in turpis sodales ultrices. Vestibulum bibendum euismod turpis, ut volutpat diam interdum ac. Nulla facilisis ornare enim, consequat bibendum dui cursus vitae. Morbi iaculis lorem at dapibus bibendum. In eu orci a lorem interdum fringilla id sagittis ex. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; In hendrerit vitae tortor nec auctor. Curabitur in lectus orci. Ut pharetra, magna eu tempus tristique, nunc erat porttitor ligula, vel vehicula elit neque in ex. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas.

Morbi sit amet lacinia orci. Suspendisse potenti. Sed sodales vehicula enim, non interdum sapien sodales vel. Phasellus non diam consequat, pretium nulla ut, dapibus mauris. Donec tempus interdum mollis. Nam sit amet nisi nisl. Curabitur vel interdum ex, ac rhoncus metus. Praesent sagittis augue et elit cursus, id fringilla nisl tincidunt. Aenean viverra porta eleifend. Sed placerat justo vitae ipsum lobortis eleifend eget vel lorem. Phasellus tempus ut mauris quis venenatis.

Nam vestibulum egestas vulputate. Sed vitae arcu aliquam, pulvinar sem ac, scelerisque ante. Duis ut semper tellus. Donec accumsan vitae neque non fermentum. In condimentum mollis diam. Nulla nec diam vehicula, fringilla ex nec, tristique arcu. Sed fringilla ornare accumsan. Donec ullamcorper lacus non augue lobortis blandit. Sed a quam et nisi posuere porta vel et nisi. Praesent feugiat a tellus a blandit.

Morbi libero sem, mattis nec libero malesuada, pretium lacinia arcu. Suspendisse commodo lobortis neque in fermentum. Pellentesque porta purus venenatis turpis ultrices, ac rhoncus nibh commodo. Sed ultricies posuere justo, tincidunt mattis enim placerat eget. Quisque ex turpis, mollis eu commodo id, dapibus eu erat. Morbi a ornare purus. Quisque libero mi, molestie eget mi eu, malesuada aliquet velit. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Nunc placerat sed leo non aliquam. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

Maecenas fermentum eleifend sapien, vitae malesuada lectus faucibus nec. Aliquam eget quam nunc. Fusce erat dui, vestibulum nec laoreet quis, fringilla sit amet odio. Nullam vitae tincidunt justo. Morbi non mi egestas, hendrerit ipsum elementum, efficitur arcu. Nulla mattis diam nec neque condimentum laoreet. Proin interdum augue diam, vel bibendum dolor sodales sit amet. Duis viverra augue turpis, non fringilla est facilisis nec. Etiam iaculis tellus neque, vel fringilla dolor dignissim et. Maecenas placerat mollis eros, id feugiat lacus tincidunt eget.

Aliquam erat volutpat. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Proin tristique massa nec sem cursus, id eleifend massa tempus. Cras vitae diam scelerisque, malesuada erat nec, elementum mauris. Phasellus nec nisl velit. Donec imperdiet sit amet ligula nec finibus. Fusce at nibh ut justo aliquet sollicitudin. Nunc vel suscipit purus, non lacinia nisl. Quisque eget dolor lacus. Vestibulum lobortis accumsan odio. Cras mattis pharetra purus at molestie. Fusce ut volutpat nulla, nec iaculis nisl. Sed ornare justo sed feugiat sollicitudin.

Nunc non lorem ut dui interdum pharetra. Nulla efficitur a nulla scelerisque congue. Ut vitae gravida ipsum, sed venenatis nunc. Curabitur massa mauris, lacinia at egestas ut, molestie vitae tellus. Integer vestibulum tempor sodales. Suspendisse elementum arcu sit amet libero consectetur, quis dapibus diam auctor. Aliquam rutrum, erat vel venenatis eleifend, ligula purus elementum eros, ut fringilla eros ex sit amet felis. Vivamus dapibus, justo et varius ultrices, elit magna scelerisque ipsum, nec facilisis erat dolor nec mauris. Quisque dignissim dui ut arcu blandit, efficitur pellentesque velit vulputate. Maecenas id nisl nibh. Donec eget lacus est. Vivamus lobortis massa non egestas efficitur. Nam vitae enim eu diam gravida euismod.

Ut non pharetra tortor. Phasellus rhoncus viverra mattis. Aenean suscipit, nisl non luctus pulvinar, dui nisi finibus odio, pretium mattis urna mauris id lorem. Praesent placerat maximus ante, ut porttitor dui. Phasellus interdum justo eu elit condimentum, ac cursus ex sagittis. Phasellus ac tellus purus. Quisque diam erat, porta id mi sed, aliquet scelerisque nisl. Curabitur vel tempus mi. In nec efficitur libero.

Nulla facilisi. Maecenas orci turpis, ullamcorper eu est vel, posuere tempus eros. Integer dui leo, egestas vitae rhoncus nec, facilisis quis erat. Donec ut massa sed ligula efficitur consectetur vitae eu odio. Proin pellentesque lectus justo, eget rutrum nulla sodales vel. Etiam a porta neque, eget sollicitudin ante. Vestibulum hendrerit vel augue a facilisis. In iaculis, nunc eget pellentesque ultrices, massa nisl condimentum orci, eget mattis tortor risus quis leo. Sed eu enim feugiat, tincidunt neque blandit, pharetra orci. Proin ornare, odio ut venenatis commodo, dolor odio pharetra leo, eu egestas ipsum urna sit amet felis.

Cras non aliquet erat. Praesent pulvinar quam a dui molestie, nec luctus ligula consequat. Nullam tincidunt consequat est. Phasellus vestibulum vestibulum posuere. Phasellus tempor bibendum rhoncus. Cras rutrum laoreet nisl, sed vulputate felis. Nam in nibh ipsum. Ut non ante quis mauris euismod mattis facilisis eu sapien. Phasellus ut ipsum nec ex tempus molestie vitae ac odio.

Nam vitae leo sit amet neque cursus facilisis id faucibus eros. Duis lacinia, leo et mollis porta, nulla nibh pellentesque tellus, ut bibendum metus risus fermentum lectus. Fusce a ante eget ex hendrerit facilisis ut et ante. Praesent porttitor blandit sem nec luctus. Cras varius, nisl ultrices consequat vehicula, turpis diam auctor felis, a sagittis enim arcu in arcu. Aliquam blandit congue nunc, non malesuada metus imperdiet sodales. Morbi non laoreet risus. Vivamus libero est, ullamcorper eu libero at, tristique mollis orci. Donec rutrum viverra massa at pharetra. Donec et sem a odio aliquam ullamcorper. Nunc at malesuada metus, et aliquet elit. Maecenas eu sem nec nibh hendrerit molestie at eget ligula. Phasellus sagittis velit a ex gravida convallis. Nulla erat orci, auctor vitae urna vel, molestie semper massa.

Maecenas ipsum dui, porttitor eu enim in, accumsan mollis orci. Aliquam ornare turpis vitae interdum tempor. Proin sit amet efficitur odio, quis mattis lorem. In a felis felis. In ornare tellus sit amet hendrerit faucibus. In cursus sollicitudin pulvinar. Vestibulum tincidunt erat non tortor luctus, ultrices vulputate velit pellentesque. Nullam lobortis tempor arcu, ut posuere justo ullamcorper in. In in sapien eros. Curabitur ac maximus purus.

Suspendisse ullamcorper sagittis nisl, quis vulputate erat venenatis iaculis. Vivamus placerat pulvinar urna, sit amet consectetur neque. Integer sed sollicitudin ipsum. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum mattis ex libero, in rhoncus eros sodales vitae. Aenean luctus fringilla nisi, quis placerat purus. Cras dictum pretium dapibus. In quam nibh, laoreet at leo nec, consectetur pulvinar orci. Pellentesque eget lorem quis risus tempor elementum sit amet id odio. Praesent pretium nibh ac sem varius, iaculis tempus sem finibus. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Aliquam ligula dolor, fringilla at lorem varius, sagittis lacinia felis. Integer non lectus diam.

Nunc vel turpis rutrum, sagittis mauris bibendum, porttitor nisl. Donec ut pharetra risus, eu mattis elit. Aliquam lacinia vestibulum ante porttitor bibendum. Suspendisse potenti. Praesent pulvinar quam augue, vitae imperdiet purus porttitor ut. Sed eleifend rutrum dolor, non lobortis lectus efficitur in. Nunc non ante vel enim pulvinar iaculis ac et ipsum. Donec imperdiet, nisl id finibus mattis, nisi purus mattis diam, non lobortis erat magna sed quam. Pellentesque ornare laoreet nulla ut interdum.

Ut vitae massa in orci pretium rutrum. Cras aliquam, justo et vestibulum rutrum, ante erat laoreet lorem, ac hendrerit nunc orci sit amet dui. Vestibulum lectus justo, tempus nec turpis et, blandit consectetur est. Nam pretium purus scelerisque, accumsan lacus non, commodo enim. Donec convallis, nisl in posuere tincidunt, tellus dolor rhoncus nisi, laoreet facilisis lacus odio tempus felis. Sed blandit dolor sit amet vulputate ultrices. Nulla turpis diam, vehicula non finibus non, dignissim at ligula. Mauris condimentum sapien sit amet est tincidunt pretium. Nam et felis nisl. Pellentesque a ligula elementum, efficitur dolor accumsan, dapibus lorem. Aliquam hendrerit lacus sit amet molestie rhoncus. Etiam quis nibh a lorem malesuada laoreet sit amet sit amet justo. Ut scelerisque velit vel diam maximus placerat. Donec congue felis non ante maximus porttitor. Sed laoreet ipsum non lacus malesuada, in malesuada felis posuere. Nullam tincidunt at erat ut vehicula.

Nullam elit ex, tempor sit amet mauris quis, viverra vestibulum orci. Donec aliquet lobortis mi, non accumsan ligula commodo vel. Donec gravida, nulla sed facilisis interdum, sapien mauris lobortis metus, nec maximus eros nibh et eros. Donec ornare commodo quam, ut consectetur erat vestibulum eu. Phasellus non accumsan nunc, at interdum quam. Mauris pellentesque gravida egestas. Sed et est arcu. Praesent tempus quam ac lectus interdum sollicitudin. Praesent euismod purus turpis, vitae bibendum erat varius quis.

Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Fusce semper pharetra ante vel viverra. Vivamus quam magna, dapibus non euismod nec, tincidunt quis nisi. Fusce tempus turpis nec tincidunt sodales. Aliquam iaculis turpis quis fringilla tincidunt. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Nam euismod nisi eget quam ullamcorper lacinia. In mattis erat quis nunc maximus, non dictum velit feugiat. Nunc quis sagittis arcu. Phasellus eget purus volutpat, dapibus turpis sit amet, dapibus velit.

Cras aliquet at ligula sit amet gravida. Ut et libero odio. Aliquam nec tellus eu lacus consectetur luctus ac nec nisl. Integer consectetur ante in sapien scelerisque, vitae porta nisi fermentum. Nunc dignissim ligula eget nunc malesuada, aliquam faucibus magna finibus. Integer ut augue ut arcu luctus elementum. Ut venenatis mauris aliquet, scelerisque erat vel, fermentum nisl. Proin tempus sit amet sem vel euismod. Integer facilisis risus vitae porttitor consequat. Pellentesque pulvinar eleifend aliquet. Curabitur a auctor felis.

Quisque suscipit tortor lectus, quis rutrum enim dapibus non. Nam porttitor sem eget lorem auctor, ac congue dolor vehicula. Nulla facilisi. Donec maximus eget felis vitae elementum. Aenean egestas fermentum leo, non dignissim metus venenatis et. In ornare ipsum sit amet urna volutpat rhoncus. Integer rutrum odio sapien, sed vulputate orci placerat non. Nam sit amet finibus quam. Phasellus nec varius arcu, in tempor dui. Duis at aliquam magna.

Aliquam erat volutpat. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque vel sapien bibendum, tristique nisi nec, tempor ipsum. Sed suscipit commodo orci, vitae malesuada arcu. Donec pharetra risus a nisl laoreet, non convallis tortor mollis. Mauris ullamcorper risus vitae sapien imperdiet congue. Phasellus consectetur lorem ac odio pellentesque lobortis eu non nibh. Aliquam nec ex ligula. Donec suscipit, risus a molestie mollis, nisi enim luctus lacus, cursus posuere lorem mauris eget est. Nullam rhoncus bibendum gravida. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Quisque vel egestas sapien. Morbi eu fermentum eros, sit amet ultrices nisl. Sed ex libero, rutrum fringilla rutrum blandit, viverra non arcu. Nullam consequat turpis leo, blandit ultrices ante accumsan vel. Pellentesque rhoncus feugiat nisl, vitae bibendum diam gravida id.

Mauris pulvinar gravida nisi, non pharetra leo elementum vel. Donec vitae convallis massa, eu pharetra neque. Vivamus eu fermentum arcu. Aenean sit amet elementum dolor. Vivamus in mi elit. Maecenas a consectetur felis, a sodales leo. Quisque quis mi dignissim, bibendum lorem at, tristique lorem. Duis faucibus nisl enim, ac feugiat nibh tempus sed. Nunc ac consectetur sem. Cras in lectus ut felis sagittis aliquet.

Integer vitae feugiat urna. Donec malesuada ligula quis massa suscipit laoreet. Sed eget suscipit nisi. Curabitur justo mauris, aliquet vel varius id, ultrices vel libero. Etiam mi velit, volutpat ut condimentum placerat, molestie sit amet nulla. Suspendisse aliquam vehicula lacus, quis iaculis ante varius at. Donec semper turpis id consectetur vehicula. Nulla vitae diam id eros eleifend ultrices sit amet et nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Praesent urna orci, pharetra quis nisl sed, molestie auctor risus. Cras orci lectus, suscipit at diam non, faucibus porta ante. Ut tempus nisi consectetur metus gravida mollis. Phasellus at ligula vel augue interdum efficitur id at ante.

Donec ut eros libero. Aliquam eu nisl eu ex aliquam volutpat vitae quis sapien. Donec in tincidunt erat. Etiam sagittis accumsan tellus, et lacinia mi cursus vitae. Nullam lectus metus, dignissim vel efficitur vel, dictum vel eros. Curabitur mattis arcu sed quam aliquet, non auctor sem finibus. Duis sagittis massa quis mauris porta convallis. Aenean enim eros, eleifend id tincidunt at, hendrerit consectetur turpis. Vivamus ornare, nisl nec pharetra consequat, leo nisi scelerisque elit, nec dictum nisl turpis id ex. Praesent non mi diam. Pellentesque ac purus eget ante ultricies feugiat.

In sit amet est a leo pellentesque consequat porta a dui. Integer consequat ex sed libero vehicula scelerisque. In metus nisl, cursus non lectus id, tempus consequat dui. Etiam eleifend pretium semper. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In non lacus ac diam commodo convallis. Sed at orci accumsan, efficitur urna et, hendrerit ipsum. Curabitur fermentum odio in nisl faucibus egestas. Donec quis lacinia neque. Donec eu fermentum urna. Donec consectetur orci eget massa congue, a luctus erat semper.

Phasellus non malesuada tellus, ut tincidunt neque. Pellentesque varius sodales mattis. Vestibulum gravida et ex ac mollis. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Nullam facilisis ante ex, non commodo quam vestibulum id. Curabitur tincidunt fringilla libero at molestie. Mauris venenatis sem sit amet interdum tempus. Sed molestie tempus purus, ut vehicula odio vestibulum ac. Ut accumsan ut urna et bibendum. Aenean euismod viverra sapien sit amet rhoncus. Etiam lacus ante, feugiat non purus vel, finibus blandit neque. In interdum non libero nec viverra.

Suspendisse congue erat efficitur nisi eleifend consectetur. Sed suscipit iaculis viverra. Sed turpis nunc, ornare vitae nibh sed, eleifend dignissim augue. Pellentesque tincidunt vulputate hendrerit. Ut quis massa scelerisque, gravida tortor id, mattis purus. Maecenas tristique turpis eget sem placerat bibendum. Vestibulum consectetur, eros sit amet posuere faucibus, quam erat eleifend arcu, nec tempor purus neque at lectus. Ut consequat eget nunc ut elementum.

Integer varius odio urna. Nulla commodo hendrerit nunc, non aliquet lorem dictum nec. Aenean placerat fringilla arcu et hendrerit. Vestibulum ut odio erat. Etiam sit amet purus ullamcorper, malesuada enim laoreet, sodales libero. Nullam dignissim quam leo, quis tincidunt diam efficitur sed. Integer tortor arcu, lacinia vitae enim eget, lobortis feugiat nunc. Suspendisse ut nulla ac nisi ullamcorper consequat.

Donec sit amet orci sed orci aliquam sagittis in nec magna. Sed mollis lacus sit amet libero cursus feugiat. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Ut elementum, velit a feugiat tempor, arcu enim feugiat est, in tincidunt mi leo vel ante. Duis eget turpis sit amet eros porttitor tempor ac vel tellus. Proin congue leo ac mattis mattis. Aliquam porta massa ac erat condimentum, vitae maximus est aliquam. Suspendisse suscipit et orci efficitur tincidunt.

Suspendisse pretium pulvinar metus vestibulum egestas. Nunc nulla lectus, molestie dictum fringilla quis, cursus ut tellus. Aliquam consectetur eros id urna vestibulum tempus. Nunc quis purus mauris. Maecenas ante erat, mollis id nisl vel, sollicitudin mattis augue. Etiam efficitur pretium pharetra. Curabitur id turpis blandit, dignissim urna non, consequat est. Sed mi enim, faucibus vel arcu quis, varius tempor leo. Etiam laoreet ligula nec tellus ultricies ultrices. Morbi quis hendrerit velit. Integer turpis sapien, malesuada nec orci a, fringilla sollicitudin sem.

Aliquam fringilla, justo at finibus sagittis, erat velit aliquam nibh, in bibendum quam turpis ut libero. Pellentesque porta diam nec libero finibus placerat. Praesent laoreet mollis nunc, at blandit lorem porta a. Aenean iaculis volutpat orci, ac condimentum dui condimentum ac. Suspendisse malesuada faucibus congue. Ut commodo, orci nec ornare accumsan, odio elit elementum justo, at cursus nisi urna ac justo. Vivamus ultricies sapien id est pretium efficitur. Nam ornare nisi feugiat libero maximus, in rutrum mi placerat. Integer fermentum ex vestibulum, volutpat velit vitae, vehicula tortor. Etiam aliquet sem non justo porttitor, quis ullamcorper elit auctor. Nullam id porta dolor.

Vestibulum libero metus, lobortis eu consequat id, convallis in ex. Vivamus vitae ultricies est, vitae pretium urna. Maecenas pharetra quam ut mollis suscipit. Etiam efficitur interdum ligula, eget scelerisque erat. Donec et augue vel eros convallis consectetur at gravida tellus. Praesent finibus magna ante, eget congue mi lobortis ut. Vestibulum sed mi lobortis, ultricies elit a, bibendum dui. Morbi dignissim venenatis mauris, sit amet accumsan enim. Suspendisse ullamcorper dui ex, eget iaculis leo gravida vel. Mauris accumsan mattis porta. Sed quis rhoncus lectus. Phasellus euismod magna sollicitudin neque laoreet volutpat. Aenean quis leo sed ex consectetur suscipit et at massa. Phasellus ut lorem facilisis, pharetra diam sed, lacinia turpis. Praesent interdum aliquet massa, eu porta lacus semper sit amet. Fusce ex eros, tristique sed mauris vitae, ultrices porta neque.

Maecenas pulvinar in turpis quis facilisis. Nam sit amet diam ante. Maecenas et erat luctus, ornare lorem ac, vestibulum sem. Suspendisse lobortis mauris ex. Duis in malesuada metus. Etiam non ante vel ipsum scelerisque eleifend sed eget dui. Proin accumsan tempor risus ac blandit. Quisque interdum commodo elit quis aliquet. Nulla vitae turpis diam. Aenean ac risus non magna molestie finibus sit amet eget quam.

Morbi molestie efficitur nibh, non congue mauris rhoncus in. Maecenas hendrerit dolor volutpat massa rutrum, in laoreet mi rhoncus. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Nam eget metus quam. Sed et ultricies nulla. Morbi mollis eros et leo laoreet, eu aliquam purus dapibus. Maecenas sagittis ante metus, non ornare nisl porta a. Integer gravida nulla sed tellus egestas, ac venenatis elit rhoncus. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Donec diam sapien, rhoncus et felis a, tristique venenatis felis. Nunc interdum felis venenatis, rutrum urna nec, molestie ex. Nullam sit amet dictum metus, sodales porttitor ipsum. Fusce egestas est rutrum risus elementum mattis. Nunc maximus cursus ante convallis dapibus. Praesent non rhoncus nisl. Nullam semper eget urna at consequat.

Proin tempus risus eu magna aliquam cursus. Morbi nec tincidunt magna. Duis ut arcu non enim condimentum congue. Nullam molestie mauris ullamcorper, fringilla tortor ac, pharetra magna. Ut ornare leo in sagittis sagittis. Nulla vel urna eget nulla blandit feugiat. Donec imperdiet pharetra lorem.

Quisque consequat lectus et tortor efficitur tincidunt. Curabitur finibus nibh at dapibus pulvinar. Aliquam erat volutpat. Mauris at quam feugiat, finibus quam vel, tempor orci. Phasellus at iaculis ante. Duis a enim non tellus tincidunt ullamcorper a non justo. Suspendisse ut molestie felis. Curabitur quis faucibus odio. Phasellus et convallis sem. Pellentesque dolor magna, semper quis quam fringilla, tristique porttitor ligula. Maecenas faucibus tincidunt magna, sed hendrerit nibh hendrerit vel. Proin varius ligula vel mi maximus, eu aliquam justo dignissim. Etiam diam ante, ultricies ac vehicula non, fringilla accumsan libero. Vivamus cursus luctus gravida. Suspendisse volutpat velit id vulputate porttitor. Aliquam lacinia porttitor orci sed porttitor.

Cras leo quam, egestas at efficitur vel, venenatis in mi. Vivamus feugiat gravida mauris vitae malesuada. Duis non iaculis est. Curabitur at ligula sed neque euismod posuere vitae quis ipsum. Sed non varius justo. Integer porttitor velit ex, consequat suscipit justo luctus consectetur. Etiam eget condimentum metus. Ut feugiat diam a augue gravida commodo. Nulla nibh felis, convallis vel ornare at, accumsan et nulla.

Duis rutrum ultrices elit quis pellentesque. Quisque et diam posuere massa scelerisque mollis. Nulla pretium sapien vitae turpis iaculis eleifend. Nullam gravida, mi vitae vulputate dapibus, quam nunc mollis libero, et venenatis ex leo sit amet mauris. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed semper at lectus eu rutrum. Vivamus sit amet felis dignissim, tincidunt sem quis, efficitur felis. Vestibulum rhoncus nulla sed elit finibus cursus. Nulla feugiat sapien quam, vitae sagittis mi scelerisque sit amet. Fusce eu ultricies tellus, eu tempus odio. Praesent non tortor vel sem faucibus egestas vel quis risus. Cras eget arcu ac odio maximus blandit.

Praesent fringilla eget massa vel ornare. Morbi tincidunt, elit eu mattis rutrum, risus nisi molestie dui, ac gravida nunc sapien vitae nisl. Vivamus interdum id eros in ornare. Aenean consectetur, ante sed finibus feugiat, tortor sem faucibus libero, ac viverra nisi metus eu leo. Cras semper, mi et sollicitudin tempus, urna libero porta quam, eget sagittis lectus leo sodales libero. Quisque vitae ligula et sapien ultricies convallis. Donec mattis commodo turpis et vestibulum. Suspendisse varius arcu quis ex placerat, a condimentum est feugiat. Nullam a auctor odio, sed pretium urna. Nulla in lacinia sem, in condimentum nulla. Fusce pellentesque, massa id pulvinar facilisis, nunc risus sodales est, at varius orci mauris posuere odio. Curabitur est magna, vestibulum a felis at, lobortis tempor nisi.

Quisque fringilla non velit sed gravida. Proin pellentesque enim eu ex ullamcorper molestie. Morbi est purus, cursus at massa dignissim, convallis finibus ipsum. Cras ultricies porttitor nisi, ut finibus dolor feugiat sed. Vestibulum eget commodo urna. Duis fermentum lorem elit, at sodales nulla volutpat a. Curabitur eget risus dignissim, cursus augue ut, tristique orci. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Suspendisse dignissim est non scelerisque mollis. Aliquam non nisl sodales lorem fringilla fringilla ac vel lorem. Fusce non tristique augue. Donec in venenatis erat. Cras nec pharetra odio, ut gravida eros.

Praesent ut sollicitudin lorem. Duis congue elementum sapien nec dignissim. Nam lacus tellus, lobortis eu eleifend nec, luctus non lacus. Aenean dolor purus, ullamcorper sit amet convallis at, commodo ac dui. Proin in faucibus enim. Vivamus augue sapien, pellentesque ac condimentum at, mattis et dui. Nunc at dignissim lorem. Vivamus pulvinar lacus tempus, accumsan risus vitae, laoreet nulla. Fusce nec volutpat leo. Suspendisse quis sagittis libero, gravida gravida magna.

Donec et massa volutpat, convallis augue vitae, sollicitudin ligula. Nunc vitae libero non risus pretium cursus vel in nunc. Praesent dapibus accumsan nibh in tempus. Cras malesuada suscipit blandit. Proin ac facilisis felis, et sollicitudin tellus. Morbi elit mi, vulputate convallis placerat vel, mollis eu est. Sed placerat neque odio, a dignissim mi tincidunt eget. Vestibulum ut dolor nec arcu consectetur aliquam. Suspendisse et tortor nulla. Integer dui lorem, pharetra non tincidunt fermentum, lobortis dignissim ante.

In consectetur ante ut commodo sollicitudin. Ut venenatis sapien et tortor feugiat posuere. Maecenas vel neque ac justo ultricies rutrum nec ut purus. Etiam eleifend, leo id venenatis congue, dolor mauris maximus odio, at dictum sem turpis non arcu. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. In facilisis quam sed condimentum pharetra. Nulla sit amet arcu sit amet diam mattis commodo. Curabitur et auctor ipsum. Curabitur dignissim viverra turpis, nec tincidunt metus. Mauris auctor mauris quam.

Morbi ultrices imperdiet nunc, sit amet tempor tellus pellentesque vel. Quisque sit amet faucibus metus, eu volutpat eros. Vestibulum nec arcu vel libero hendrerit fermentum et nec turpis. Vestibulum tincidunt pretium quam, nec feugiat massa sagittis pellentesque. Aliquam fringilla ligula tincidunt semper euismod. Proin ut fermentum libero, quis gravida urna. Morbi accumsan egestas laoreet. Morbi accumsan tincidunt gravida.

Pellentesque lacinia odio dui, et maximus risus scelerisque at. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Duis volutpat ex quis suscipit pharetra. Pellentesque sed ex id sapien malesuada sodales in id justo. Aenean sagittis ipsum turpis, non efficitur eros scelerisque et. Cras convallis orci eu mauris venenatis pulvinar. Maecenas pellentesque risus quis sapien rutrum finibus. Morbi eu nisi pretium, commodo elit nec, consequat massa. In hac habitasse platea dictumst.

Integer volutpat placerat tellus, commodo suscipit nisl tristique et. Quisque vitae viverra sapien. Aenean efficitur faucibus tristique. Quisque vitae felis at nibh pulvinar pretium. Nulla ultrices efficitur ex, sit amet interdum est viverra tincidunt. Maecenas ac lobortis leo. Suspendisse a odio eget arcu tempor dapibus ut quis lorem.

Duis consequat, arcu non accumsan sodales, arcu nisl maximus dolor, non dictum massa metus id tellus. Aenean id turpis sit amet justo tristique bibendum. Praesent convallis sagittis nisi et vestibulum. Morbi consequat efficitur nulla, nec lacinia ligula iaculis a. Praesent a risus non erat interdum consectetur quis facilisis enim. Etiam dictum purus ante. Donec scelerisque varius enim nec facilisis.
"Neque porro quisquam est qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit..."
"There is no one who loves pain itself, who seeks after it and wants to have it, simply because it is pain..."

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Pellentesque at felis at massa fermentum hendrerit. Duis purus enim, suscipit a sapien ut, tincidunt feugiat est. Etiam malesuada dolor ac tortor ultricies lacinia. Donec facilisis ullamcorper finibus. Phasellus blandit gravida facilisis. Phasellus congue nisl ut purus auctor ornare. Aenean dignissim, lacus sit amet pretium commodo, velit nisl dictum ligula, quis dapibus felis velit id nisi. Sed ac convallis leo. Morbi convallis diam vel erat rhoncus egestas. Duis at tincidunt diam.

Vivamus ut enim sit amet est venenatis cursus. Curabitur mollis felis ornare dui suscipit rutrum. In pharetra, felis in tristique dictum, dolor metus ornare ipsum, mollis maximus quam est eget quam. Vestibulum semper fermentum libero, in viverra sapien. Sed venenatis lorem arcu, vitae facilisis nisl laoreet eu. Donec suscipit mi ac lorem vulputate molestie. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Etiam eget commodo ex. Donec aliquam, metus sit amet luctus mattis, tellus augue vehicula mauris, a scelerisque nibh orci nec nisi.

Sed varius, tellus vitae sodales auctor, risus lacus tempus tellus, sit amet fringilla ante arcu id orci. Fusce lacinia aliquam dolor non mollis. In in interdum erat, molestie varius arcu. Vivamus quis massa felis. Donec rutrum nulla vitae cursus aliquet. In pellentesque dui eu tortor commodo suscipit. Integer ut tempus orci.

Sed quis imperdiet odio. Aliquam efficitur condimentum ligula. Nunc imperdiet sodales elit ut tincidunt. Fusce dignissim ornare imperdiet. Fusce finibus elementum diam a suscipit. In accumsan lectus viverra, elementum tellus sit amet, molestie lectus. Integer tincidunt fringilla magna id congue. Etiam quis rutrum lorem. Curabitur at orci tincidunt, pharetra purus a, placerat neque. Praesent malesuada et lorem eu commodo. Nullam pharetra facilisis felis, ac vehicula ipsum consectetur id. Proin rutrum metus quis elementum laoreet. Suspendisse in lorem in ex cursus vulputate. Sed suscipit mauris eu leo vehicula viverra. Pellentesque justo nibh, lacinia eu lacinia vel, congue sed odio.

Nullam mattis odio nibh, at ultricies tellus auctor at. Vestibulum varius condimentum auctor. Duis blandit lacus eget ipsum laoreet, et vulputate nisl commodo. Quisque egestas malesuada volutpat. Vivamus sollicitudin cursus lectus sit amet pulvinar. Mauris varius odio sit amet nulla pharetra, eget congue ipsum cursus. Nam sagittis nec ipsum sit amet rutrum. Pellentesque non ipsum accumsan dolor varius gravida. Fusce diam augue, mattis sed orci in, hendrerit congue ante. Vivamus eget ante faucibus, fermentum urna in, consectetur est.

Nulla id consectetur dui. Vivamus placerat sollicitudin maximus. Nullam lobortis aliquam neque, nec congue diam maximus vel. Quisque et cursus erat. Proin eu odio nec urna maximus dictum ut sit amet magna. Donec aliquam arcu tempor, commodo purus tristique, sollicitudin turpis. Donec mattis auctor finibus. Nullam nunc lorem, ornare a dolor a, luctus vulputate ligula. Fusce iaculis dolor et justo sagittis, vitae rhoncus sem viverra. Nullam ac nisi ex. Donec in rhoncus mi. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Nulla quis mauris risus. Mauris eget metus quis urna pretium maximus.

Sed hendrerit metus et mauris vestibulum pellentesque. Curabitur sagittis suscipit interdum. Sed rutrum, mi a scelerisque porta, nunc dolor lobortis tellus, in accumsan risus nibh quis neque. Vestibulum finibus mauris ex, sodales maximus sem malesuada eu. Nunc vitae odio ultricies, porta tellus vitae, finibus magna. Nam sed volutpat metus. Fusce hendrerit volutpat purus ac pulvinar. Proin volutpat mi non gravida varius.

Sed convallis velit nec nibh molestie, sed sodales elit aliquam. Nullam mollis sollicitudin nisl a venenatis. Quisque id ornare risus, ut consequat justo. Nam hendrerit ipsum vel finibus facilisis. Sed ac pellentesque orci. Vestibulum libero nisl, finibus et libero semper, faucibus mollis purus. Integer pulvinar pharetra finibus. Praesent semper porttitor sapien, eget porta lorem viverra sagittis. Vivamus sit amet fringilla ipsum, ut dapibus metus. Donec auctor, dui vitae varius suscipit, massa nisi varius mauris, scelerisque viverra lorem purus pharetra diam. Duis malesuada metus id augue ultrices tempor. Nullam cursus ligula tempor, molestie magna id, vehicula tellus. Quisque rhoncus ultrices quam. Maecenas auctor metus justo, vitae rhoncus orci aliquet ut. Praesent elementum orci eget nunc sodales pharetra. Nam tristique neque sit amet dui aliquet tempor.

Mauris consectetur sodales nunc, in faucibus elit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Mauris nec ullamcorper augue, at ullamcorper libero. Aliquam faucibus malesuada tempus. Phasellus sit amet tempus nulla. Nulla facilisi. Aenean accumsan consectetur magna, et maximus sapien luctus sit amet. Cras varius sollicitudin sapien quis dapibus. Nunc tempor tortor mattis aliquam ultrices. In sed magna tempus ipsum gravida vehicula et sit amet dolor. Curabitur feugiat, lectus vel mollis cursus, massa purus ullamcorper lacus, id molestie lacus orci ut lectus.

Vestibulum non dignissim orci. Curabitur mattis purus quis eros volutpat sodales. Integer interdum pellentesque elit, in tempor tellus rutrum vel. In imperdiet tempus luctus. Duis faucibus non dui sed cursus. Curabitur libero purus, tristique at sem in, consectetur rhoncus ex. Vivamus ac tellus nisi. Ut pretium eu justo non lobortis. Curabitur vestibulum, justo dignissim scelerisque ullamcorper, libero quam tincidunt est, sed posuere magna nulla ac augue. Mauris tempor, massa non blandit posuere, dui sem porttitor orci, vitae vestibulum ante diam eleifend magna. Donec tempor sed nisi eget tincidunt. Sed varius ultrices eleifend.

Sed a aliquet dolor, semper molestie lectus. Quisque eget semper erat. Curabitur ex augue, pretium eu sapien eget, interdum vulputate urna. Sed molestie mattis aliquam. Phasellus pharetra ut velit eget luctus. Nulla justo sem, euismod ut nibh vel, venenatis tristique massa. Quisque molestie urna mauris, at congue tellus posuere non.

Sed felis nulla, rhoncus vehicula eros vitae, dapibus pretium justo. Nam et sapien bibendum, molestie metus et, molestie augue. Pellentesque et ante ut nunc ultricies dictum. Praesent semper tempor ligula quis dignissim. Mauris porttitor purus nec est imperdiet, in lobortis turpis ultrices. Proin ut metus ac eros elementum sodales. Phasellus pulvinar rutrum eros nec condimentum.

Vestibulum vel lorem luctus, dapibus mi at, congue nisl. Sed in porttitor augue. In sollicitudin congue sodales. Donec facilisis, lacus sit amet tristique faucibus, justo nulla condimentum ex, porttitor auctor orci dui sed velit. Vivamus quis purus at urna ornare cursus. Mauris tortor orci, feugiat a bibendum vitae, placerat eu elit. Ut congue euismod arcu, vel tristique diam tempor gravida. Curabitur viverra mauris quis ligula mattis, sed auctor elit semper. Mauris eget justo felis. Sed at facilisis turpis. Nunc pharetra tellus eget convallis semper. Mauris sagittis ipsum sit amet mauris egestas elementum. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas.

Nunc quis cursus libero, quis placerat est. Maecenas volutpat ut mi sed posuere. Vestibulum dui diam, semper quis felis sit amet, mollis lacinia mi. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Nullam lobortis, urna a rhoncus pretium, urna tellus suscipit mauris, ac fringilla dolor metus vitae tellus. Vivamus ultricies eros felis, id accumsan enim convallis at. Pellentesque quis metus sagittis, dignissim libero eu, tempor lorem. Etiam enim felis, mollis quis feugiat et, fermentum vel odio. Sed rutrum leo magna, sit amet scelerisque massa tempor molestie. Integer ullamcorper dapibus malesuada. Nulla vitae blandit lorem. Duis euismod vestibulum nisi a tempus. Maecenas hendrerit eros eu magna varius, ac tempus metus aliquet. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas.

Pellentesque nec orci sit amet ipsum convallis viverra. In commodo semper est quis rhoncus. Nulla et interdum leo. Phasellus sagittis facilisis pellentesque. Nam nec consectetur ex. Vivamus eget vulputate ipsum. Ut imperdiet nulla a aliquam pellentesque.

Nulla elementum, justo sed tristique tempor, enim augue luctus sapien, a fringilla nunc ligula ut dui. Nunc dui nibh, maximus eleifend egestas tempor, volutpat ut purus. Donec eu nibh quis felis pharetra dictum nec ac nisl. Sed non nunc ut mauris tempus pulvinar. Etiam quis tristique tortor. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Sed laoreet finibus felis, sed tempus sem dictum et. Cras tempor libero aliquam quam accumsan pellentesque. Donec ac orci tempor, iaculis enim nec, condimentum ipsum. Quisque suscipit, mi ac lacinia lacinia, metus ligula tincidunt metus, nec aliquam nibh urna at elit. Suspendisse suscipit vitae nulla in eleifend. Sed porta dui a urna eleifend efficitur. Nam at diam sem. Integer viverra neque a libero tincidunt, eu tristique est vestibulum. Nulla non justo nisi. Proin at mollis nibh.

Nam at auctor ex, ut iaculis urna. Nullam feugiat imperdiet ante. Morbi suscipit vulputate ultricies. Suspendisse sagittis accumsan nisi, et cursus sapien vulputate nec. Nunc justo tortor, pretium eget nunc nec, faucibus faucibus tellus. In tincidunt mi nec rhoncus pharetra. Praesent massa urna, malesuada quis risus eu, consectetur facilisis justo. Etiam pharetra quam lacus, nec tincidunt lacus dapibus quis. Nulla facilisi.

Pellentesque eu congue arcu. Suspendisse nunc nisi, volutpat a nibh sit amet, fermentum placerat odio. Morbi egestas lectus sit amet sem molestie ornare. Vivamus commodo ac lectus non molestie. Nunc laoreet, metus non sodales consequat, arcu justo scelerisque lorem, in efficitur quam ex id arcu. Nulla sit amet quam sapien. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Aenean auctor nisl turpis, quis lobortis velit fringilla ac. Suspendisse tincidunt massa convallis massa malesuada, ac interdum nulla congue. Duis eget diam non ipsum porta rhoncus ut elementum tellus.

Praesent at fringilla arcu, et faucibus erat. Etiam et eros eleifend nisl venenatis pulvinar eget quis justo. Aliquam vel urna viverra, volutpat lacus eu, pretium ex. Nullam feugiat tellus quis mauris mattis ullamcorper. Donec id gravida neque. Quisque in nisi quis mi venenatis lacinia at vel sapien. Praesent sagittis tellus in dui eleifend dapibus. Nullam ut nunc non dui convallis interdum. Nullam non felis eu ipsum sodales hendrerit nec id metus. Phasellus placerat, nibh sed euismod commodo, ipsum diam luctus tellus, in euismod risus tortor sit amet nisi. Donec nisl diam, faucibus vitae sagittis non, consequat eget enim. Sed ac lobortis metus. Maecenas interdum nec ligula vitae mattis.

Sed tempor feugiat massa, a faucibus leo congue vitae. Aliquam malesuada ipsum sed ligula egestas, et hendrerit ante scelerisque. In gravida in tellus mattis mattis. Donec nec mauris ac ex tincidunt dictum vel ac felis. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Aliquam ut nisl leo. Maecenas elementum laoreet tortor, et sollicitudin risus dictum vel. Etiam scelerisque hendrerit tempus. Nulla vel turpis orci. Vivamus vitae arcu cursus, eleifend erat nec, ornare mauris. Nulla ultrices at massa a fringilla. Nam nec tristique turpis. Nullam neque turpis, semper at fringilla at, consequat ut tellus. Praesent non mi erat. Cras id sapien eget orci euismod interdum sed id velit. Cras dapibus lacinia augue in bibendum.

Cras feugiat nibh nibh, vitae sagittis metus bibendum vel. In porttitor ex vel purus mattis, sit amet suscipit enim consequat. Integer pretium sodales tellus quis rhoncus. Proin purus justo, vehicula sed mauris fermentum, dictum egestas erat. Fusce cursus neque eu risus accumsan egestas. Maecenas eget volutpat sapien, eu volutpat magna. Praesent ante nisl, imperdiet sed suscipit eget, tristique in mauris.

Curabitur non lacus a velit porttitor vestibulum. Quisque varius ut leo vel luctus. Phasellus pellentesque nisl eu vehicula fermentum. Sed convallis ornare ex ut pellentesque. Nam ipsum augue, aliquam id euismod vel, ullamcorper id risus. Mauris non dictum erat. Sed sed scelerisque quam. Morbi finibus neque sodales tempus eleifend. Cras id ornare leo. Sed eget vulputate sem. Pellentesque consectetur venenatis aliquam. Maecenas urna elit, tincidunt quis ipsum sit amet, fringilla cursus ante.

Aliquam tincidunt bibendum sapien. Praesent at volutpat justo, vitae faucibus nisi. Integer cursus vulputate sem in porta. Donec non blandit augue. Maecenas pellentesque mattis pulvinar. Sed sit amet scelerisque eros. Morbi fermentum risus sit amet metus pellentesque, vitae ullamcorper nulla commodo. Maecenas nec urna pulvinar, volutpat nibh vel, bibendum neque. Nullam et lorem sollicitudin, suscipit nibh ut, luctus urna.

Fusce purus mi, rhoncus vehicula lobortis ac, elementum sed libero. Integer ut ullamcorper ante. Praesent lacinia a augue non faucibus. Donec efficitur tellus sed est sagittis, sed hendrerit ex tincidunt. Curabitur sodales magna odio, eu volutpat enim maximus vitae. Aenean convallis enim mauris, quis dictum diam sodales in. Praesent ac tortor ac quam volutpat porttitor. Duis elementum, tortor quis porta finibus, felis lacus accumsan massa, eu tincidunt neque justo sed nunc. Praesent molestie, ante eget egestas pretium, dui velit luctus neque, nec elementum erat ante eu leo. Vestibulum sit amet turpis nec turpis ultrices hendrerit.

Curabitur sodales enim et mi accumsan, sed pellentesque nisl ornare. Maecenas ut sem mattis, efficitur eros convallis, lacinia mauris. Aliquam erat volutpat. Cras vestibulum quam in est tempor faucibus in et ligula. Vestibulum sollicitudin nisl in ligula fringilla blandit. Nulla eget enim euismod, pharetra tellus vel, fringilla diam. Pellentesque malesuada nunc pellentesque interdum sodales. Cras nulla lorem, faucibus at enim nec, interdum congue nunc. Sed id eros sapien. Praesent eget turpis in magna posuere pharetra. Quisque hendrerit leo vitae odio rhoncus, sed vulputate ex laoreet. Maecenas mauris lacus, porttitor sed diam quis, posuere faucibus eros. Donec venenatis, ex et mollis feugiat, metus libero sagittis sem, id iaculis urna elit ut elit. Aenean finibus sagittis sagittis. Cras lacus lorem, semper quis diam id, suscipit aliquam nulla.

Vestibulum eu scelerisque odio. Quisque ut eleifend mauris. Etiam id enim felis. Aliquam id congue dui. Suspendisse vel ultrices leo, eget consequat dui. Etiam vulputate ullamcorper odio, non ornare ex efficitur id. In id ultrices dui. Fusce imperdiet vulputate rhoncus. Morbi accumsan auctor ante, in venenatis justo consectetur eu. Sed quis dapibus metus, vel porttitor odio. Ut eget tempus urna, id dignissim tortor. Nullam eu rutrum ipsum.

Duis convallis risus sit amet diam pulvinar lacinia. Nulla convallis efficitur orci. Donec ultrices tempor finibus. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Morbi sed arcu nec enim convallis lobortis. Curabitur scelerisque est id erat aliquet aliquet id vel tortor. Mauris risus enim, facilisis volutpat mi at, congue auctor neque. Aliquam non ipsum sed velit aliquam elementum at volutpat nibh. Vestibulum bibendum faucibus iaculis. Quisque a est id tellus congue efficitur non et nunc.

Aliquam efficitur ut ligula sit amet vestibulum. Donec venenatis eleifend neque vitae condimentum. Pellentesque vulputate porttitor ex sed sodales. Fusce vitae mauris sed ipsum dictum imperdiet. Mauris sit amet erat sit amet odio sagittis ultrices sit amet in tortor. Ut et lectus convallis, gravida lectus aliquet, finibus nunc. Fusce augue libero, feugiat in ipsum a, condimentum dignissim velit. Etiam eget hendrerit lorem. Donec odio lacus, tempus eu ex nec, tincidunt cursus diam. Proin molestie leo nec molestie porta.

Proin imperdiet ac tortor vitae convallis. Etiam pulvinar elit vitae nulla eleifend semper. Morbi aliquet laoreet hendrerit. Quisque interdum semper arcu, in consectetur metus porta eget. Etiam lacinia neque feugiat mi pulvinar rhoncus. Suspendisse ornare, nunc quis lacinia efficitur, ex nunc pulvinar ex, vitae porta leo ante nec justo. Aenean iaculis aliquam tellus, nec vulputate sem. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas.

Curabitur pulvinar quam turpis, vel porttitor eros hendrerit nec. Donec at lacus ultricies, fermentum sem in, efficitur neque. Nam pretium est vel convallis interdum. Pellentesque eget tortor iaculis, porta purus at, interdum eros. Maecenas ut nulla porta, consequat nunc eget, laoreet sem. Curabitur feugiat, elit eget bibendum sodales, libero risus aliquet turpis, et mattis risus velit ut mi. Sed pulvinar felis dui, ut blandit ipsum faucibus nec. Nunc at sollicitudin mauris, non malesuada nisl. Nunc eget libero risus. Etiam ac pharetra sem. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum rutrum accumsan mi eget faucibus. Etiam a sollicitudin felis, et dictum mi. Maecenas dignissim lectus eget mi dignissim fermentum.

Donec rutrum quam non fringilla fermentum. Fusce venenatis leo eget finibus ullamcorper. Cras lacinia augue nec ante dignissim molestie. Sed sit amet tellus id lectus luctus iaculis sed quis mauris. Praesent eget neque at nunc sodales viverra. Nullam dapibus ligula et pharetra luctus. Donec malesuada neque mattis, convallis metus vel, ullamcorper magna. In tempor leo sodales augue convallis, sed aliquam nisi sodales. Praesent lacinia nisl condimentum nulla tempus blandit sit amet vel massa.

Aenean et scelerisque turpis. Nunc vehicula pulvinar mollis. Suspendisse volutpat condimentum libero, in faucibus ipsum gravida sit amet. Curabitur metus dui, consequat vel consectetur nec, elementum sed magna. Morbi semper justo quis lectus tempor, ut ullamcorper justo congue. Morbi at lectus euismod, luctus libero sit amet, ultricies elit. Phasellus blandit ultricies venenatis. Suspendisse nec faucibus massa, sed accumsan sapien. Quisque iaculis augue vel metus tempus condimentum. Aliquam aliquet tristique arcu, a gravida quam. Donec laoreet, sapien et commodo rutrum, neque lectus consectetur arcu, scelerisque imperdiet lacus felis quis nulla.

Mauris sollicitudin viverra molestie. Vivamus a risus vel purus fermentum euismod. Curabitur placerat pharetra massa, at tristique ante. Aenean vitae fringilla nunc. Suspendisse gravida sapien ut lorem gravida, lacinia efficitur leo pretium. Ut vehicula mauris in urna semper, nec lacinia lorem gravida. Nullam tincidunt magna purus. Sed condimentum enim enim, ac lacinia metus imperdiet vitae. Vivamus imperdiet diam a leo facilisis gravida.

Aenean facilisis, neque nec fringilla fermentum, dolor tellus consequat diam, ac blandit enim mauris nec est. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Donec lobortis quis nibh id mollis. Pellentesque eget nunc nec velit eleifend fermentum in ac magna. Nam justo metus, tempus a ornare non, lobortis vel quam. Praesent in lectus sed nunc malesuada rhoncus vel eu tortor. Mauris quam ligula, maximus ut hendrerit pharetra, posuere ut diam. Cras vitae mollis velit. Cras ullamcorper quis quam et interdum. Praesent vel semper magna, non fermentum tortor. Donec aliquam pharetra varius.

Ut laoreet, velit in pellentesque iaculis, nulla nisl hendrerit orci, id imperdiet nunc lectus id sem. Aenean consectetur ligula neque, non accumsan ipsum maximus ut. Vivamus a sapien ligula. Quisque sodales justo eget elit congue, sit amet placerat est volutpat. Nam sollicitudin metus et sem pharetra, tempus vehicula dui vestibulum. Vivamus vitae aliquam sapien. Integer eu vehicula sapien. Phasellus eu leo commodo, placerat nunc ut, iaculis sapien. Praesent sed odio sed nisl tempor semper. Proin venenatis magna sit amet placerat cursus. Ut finibus vestibulum gravida. Nullam pulvinar auctor velit sed malesuada. Nam luctus enim vel libero consequat, a sagittis ex varius. Pellentesque eget consequat augue, sed bibendum mauris. Suspendisse in orci dolor.

Quisque ipsum mi, finibus quis ipsum a, faucibus consequat elit. Aenean pellentesque felis quis tellus venenatis tincidunt. Donec ut tellus ornare tortor auctor imperdiet ac a felis. Mauris interdum, tortor at tempus consequat, tortor tortor placerat nulla, at finibus magna tellus in lectus. Nam consectetur tortor eu urna tincidunt, et finibus nibh dapibus. Duis accumsan cursus tellus. Cras fermentum id diam quis euismod. Mauris suscipit vitae ligula eget porta. Cras ullamcorper magna lacus, in semper metus accumsan a. Fusce at bibendum purus. Aliquam justo justo, tincidunt commodo vehicula et, tempus et ligula. Maecenas porttitor egestas dui eget dapibus. Duis sollicitudin dolor vel augue tristique vestibulum.

Proin sed turpis finibus, tristique massa vel, pellentesque eros. Nulla ut rutrum quam, vitae tristique justo. Suspendisse ex lectus, elementum quis ipsum et, luctus dignissim ex. Integer pretium erat nibh. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Sed finibus magna purus, eu lobortis nulla luctus nec. Duis suscipit mi a nibh hendrerit, quis pharetra nunc condimentum. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Integer accumsan nisi et ex porta, a auctor massa iaculis. Aliquam eu ornare leo. Donec ac fermentum justo, ac malesuada leo. Vivamus tristique purus vel iaculis auctor. In mollis fringilla lacus, non rutrum ex facilisis eget. Nunc mauris augue, dapibus in auctor a, pellentesque eget ligula. Duis laoreet mi eget quam suscipit, at tincidunt sapien egestas.

Vestibulum eget nisi mi. Proin vel turpis rhoncus, dapibus magna a, ultricies ante. Praesent accumsan urna a eros viverra consectetur. Integer risus libero, porta sed risus a, facilisis accumsan velit. Vivamus eu sollicitudin eros, in venenatis enim. Nulla vel mauris vel odio bibendum cursus non et tortor. Quisque in augue mi.

Quisque eleifend ultricies libero viverra fermentum. Sed egestas hendrerit sapien, eget imperdiet nisi. Etiam dictum sem vel diam consectetur sollicitudin. Phasellus nisi nibh, mollis a volutpat sit amet, rutrum a massa. Aenean eu ante placerat, ultrices risus sit amet, convallis turpis. Integer sit amet mattis neque. Etiam blandit urna ut lobortis tempor. Aenean vel velit mattis, suscipit felis eleifend, gravida sapien. Praesent eu turpis eu enim tincidunt convallis. Fusce nunc libero, rhoncus quis dolor eget, vestibulum venenatis neque. Morbi libero nunc, interdum efficitur commodo a, hendrerit ac purus.

Pellentesque ante massa, congue commodo dignissim eu, eleifend eu arcu. Curabitur mattis accumsan leo, vitae auctor lectus condimentum vitae. Nam a lobortis mauris, et efficitur dui. Pellentesque lacus sem, sollicitudin ut libero non, rutrum aliquam dui. Suspendisse a nibh at ex dapibus mollis. Mauris rhoncus aliquam leo. Curabitur nec lacus id libero varius sollicitudin vitae id lectus. Suspendisse sit amet pretium erat. Morbi congue ultricies consequat. Vestibulum in suscipit enim. Nullam quis velit a quam fringilla placerat. Curabitur vestibulum dolor nulla, sed iaculis leo vestibulum in. Vestibulum eu venenatis enim. Morbi bibendum massa ut magna vehicula, eu rutrum diam varius. Vivamus semper sollicitudin risus et sodales.

Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Curabitur lacinia sed diam finibus auctor. Mauris quis enim tempor, rhoncus enim et, semper ex. Aliquam urna ipsum, accumsan ut magna sed, luctus viverra velit. Duis venenatis sapien id justo efficitur viverra. In et justo augue. Praesent ullamcorper sed est sit amet sollicitudin. Phasellus sodales sem velit, et porttitor tortor tincidunt eget. Nunc sit amet justo at enim pretium tempus in sed sem. Ut est tortor, fermentum vitae iaculis vel, luctus nec risus. Sed quis mauris et augue cursus dapibus non in leo. Ut viverra quis sem sed fringilla. In non porta dui, a laoreet dolor. Sed interdum arcu nulla, ac commodo nisl mattis a. Vivamus lobortis suscipit risus, a convallis augue aliquam ac.

Suspendisse scelerisque eros vitae enim pretium, nec volutpat turpis dapibus. Donec quis bibendum purus. In suscipit tellus at lobortis auctor. Nulla dictum quam eget odio feugiat pulvinar. Duis commodo magna at nunc accumsan, in scelerisque orci lacinia. Nulla id erat et urna facilisis fermentum sed vitae diam. Proin a pulvinar augue, ac posuere mauris. Duis at velit non mauris euismod mollis.

Curabitur id tortor sodales nibh dapibus malesuada nec sed leo. Maecenas feugiat risus at sem feugiat tristique. Nunc at enim lorem. Morbi fringilla nunc et fringilla efficitur. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Proin tincidunt pretium neque sed tristique. Pellentesque quis vulputate felis. Phasellus congue nibh sed felis elementum lobortis.

Donec a lectus vitae diam lacinia consequat nec in eros. Nulla justo tortor, facilisis ac mattis vel, faucibus dictum sapien. Duis at mi eget tortor fringilla mattis. Integer aliquet nisl metus, ut sodales mi dictum vitae. Nam ac volutpat leo, sed luctus est. Nam in ligula luctus, luctus sem quis, convallis urna. Nulla a urna eu tellus ultrices cursus vel ac arcu. Cras at elit vitae odio convallis facilisis nec ac orci. Vivamus accumsan in justo auctor dictum.

Vestibulum a nisi massa. Nunc in metus finibus erat tincidunt dapibus. Aliquam pretium vehicula massa, maximus porttitor erat auctor id. Morbi consectetur mi libero, eu vestibulum diam tincidunt quis. In in ipsum placerat, posuere lacus at, efficitur sem. Ut convallis vitae libero ut condimentum. Quisque tempor accumsan ipsum, eu euismod neque tempus nec. Donec malesuada dignissim lacus, id vulputate eros consequat eu. Pellentesque ut ante non dolor auctor suscipit. Nunc nec posuere lacus, vitae dapibus tellus. Nam ut enim at orci pretium rhoncus in volutpat ex. Quisque consectetur iaculis mi vitae vehicula. Cras tincidunt, ante id maximus accumsan, ligula est ullamcorper leo, eu lacinia nisi orci eget enim.

Vivamus quis interdum nulla. Sed vel ultrices diam, in volutpat sapien. Aenean sit amet ante in lacus vestibulum vestibulum. Sed a mi placerat, posuere ex imperdiet, varius diam. Quisque a lectus eget nibh lobortis iaculis. Nunc congue ex in mi auctor pulvinar. Donec sem dui, finibus non ligula et, consequat ultrices eros. Sed venenatis est eget magna pulvinar pretium. Phasellus rhoncus erat eget placerat tempor. Aenean blandit ligula ut mauris ultrices, et vulputate felis tempor. Phasellus imperdiet mi augue, condimentum mollis ante vestibulum a. Donec scelerisque, mi non volutpat dignissim, nulla metus rutrum lacus, eu pharetra est quam in turpis. Etiam pretium blandit nisl ac vulputate. Nulla ut nunc quis magna placerat scelerisque.

Cras mollis nibh dolor, id tempus metus tempus in. Curabitur elementum at ligula eget dignissim. Mauris varius arcu sit amet ornare consectetur. Integer aliquet, risus eu suscipit malesuada, urna elit dignissim arcu, finibus facilisis lacus ex ut nibh. Aenean semper eu arcu a condimentum. Donec facilisis sapien sed ipsum posuere, ut pharetra orci vulputate. Vestibulum pellentesque dictum orci, sit amet blandit enim auctor in. Curabitur sed suscipit neque. Curabitur eu tempor lectus, at lobortis nunc. Fusce vehicula semper erat id sodales. Donec at accumsan turpis. In dignissim augue elementum leo tristique consectetur.

In fermentum hendrerit tempor. In id turpis elementum, maximus diam eu, placerat urna. Fusce pulvinar quis elit a malesuada. Nulla leo eros, facilisis sit amet lacus scelerisque, scelerisque porttitor erat. Nulla quis porttitor lacus, eget scelerisque tortor. Suspendisse commodo, libero quis auctor volutpat, nisl mauris iaculis lorem, id sagittis diam lacus non ex. Fusce placerat elit vel metus facilisis posuere. Praesent finibus mi et metus malesuada, in feugiat quam lobortis. Suspendisse auctor non quam at consequat. Suspendisse scelerisque purus sed dui viverra sagittis. Vivamus molestie facilisis tellus, in iaculis purus hendrerit id.

Vestibulum vitae nisl at sem pulvinar accumsan. Praesent mattis massa in aliquam malesuada. Etiam pretium malesuada leo non ultrices. Aliquam iaculis auctor finibus. Vivamus semper accumsan odio, at rhoncus lorem condimentum et. Morbi ultricies orci id congue sollicitudin. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Donec et eleifend nisi. Etiam bibendum ante nec nisl dapibus, ut posuere felis convallis. Quisque nulla nulla, bibendum non massa sit amet, aliquam pellentesque mi. Aliquam eget leo elit.

Sed ullamcorper consequat sodales. Duis eu justo vitae odio porttitor vehicula. Phasellus feugiat libero vitae augue fringilla feugiat. Etiam tempus tincidunt ipsum sit amet varius. Fusce nibh mauris, placerat at urna id, bibendum tincidunt ex. Integer ultrices pulvinar est interdum faucibus. Praesent sapien augue, fringilla ac velit ac, varius blandit purus. Nam quis odio sit amet orci porttitor vestibulum.

Mauris condimentum facilisis lectus. Nam mollis quis eros a facilisis. Phasellus in libero vitae tellus elementum pretium. Pellentesque semper purus et fermentum volutpat. Nulla pretium, nibh nec consequat imperdiet, neque sem pharetra orci, et varius risus dolor in quam. Nulla sem nulla, laoreet vel sodales eget, eleifend eu felis. Quisque augue ex, consequat sed tempus quis, cursus viverra dui. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Suspendisse ut ligula ac mauris interdum facilisis. Pellentesque posuere varius sollicitudin. Mauris nisl velit, ornare eget ex ac, laoreet blandit nisl. Quisque vel erat fermentum, egestas ante non, faucibus leo. Nullam maximus sit amet lorem et fringilla.

Praesent condimentum eleifend fermentum. Proin tristique ante ut magna venenatis varius. Curabitur ut varius nunc. Integer vulputate risus est, viverra lobortis sem convallis at. Fusce eu tincidunt quam. Nunc at arcu tristique mauris semper vulputate ac id eros. Fusce porttitor sed felis et aliquam.

Ut ac fermentum sem. Aliquam sed ante vulputate, bibendum erat et, feugiat libero. Donec in lorem finibus justo vehicula luctus vitae at sapien. Duis convallis, arcu ac ultricies ornare, arcu neque condimentum risus, in tempus enim nisl convallis augue. Integer pellentesque tortor at risus feugiat, non porta nisi faucibus. Nulla at maximus nisi, lobortis lobortis erat. Sed vel porttitor augue, id sollicitudin ligula. Suspendisse congue lorem dui, eget consectetur nisl facilisis a. Mauris tristique scelerisque arcu, non cursus orci cursus non.

Nam consequat, lacus sit amet dapibus congue, augue augue volutpat diam, ut feugiat nunc enim ut ante. Nullam ornare nibh et lacus pharetra, a rhoncus augue tincidunt. Mauris rutrum tortor nec enim condimentum pellentesque. Etiam faucibus lectus et mollis dapibus. Sed rutrum lectus eget ante auctor, vitae molestie lectus lobortis. Integer sed rutrum risus. Suspendisse viverra arcu sapien, nec accumsan nibh molestie in. Maecenas finibus risus et bibendum tristique. Fusce egestas urna vitae ipsum condimentum, sed semper odio pharetra. Donec dignissim nisi id nibh elementum, sit amet fringilla lacus sagittis. Etiam vitae lorem molestie, venenatis risus et, rhoncus diam. Aliquam maximus vitae risus id vestibulum. Cras ultricies consectetur elementum. Duis sodales lobortis magna vitae tincidunt.

Phasellus sed dui tellus. Pellentesque consequat diam felis, vitae consectetur odio bibendum et. Aliquam dignissim nibh id nibh mattis vulputate. Cras dapibus iaculis orci, id consectetur ligula convallis eget. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Praesent non laoreet velit. Phasellus eu euismod nisl, eget fermentum metus.

Donec aliquet, eros at luctus varius, dui augue vulputate magna, ac volutpat felis nunc ut ante. Quisque egestas est iaculis molestie elementum. Maecenas pellentesque leo ut arcu auctor tempus. Ut eu urna eros. Sed scelerisque lobortis aliquam. Proin vel viverra velit. Maecenas ut elit condimentum enim egestas gravida. Aliquam congue aliquet luctus. Vivamus quis magna et sapien imperdiet convallis sed eget est. Mauris cursus ipsum vel est venenatis, non maximus erat varius.

Sed convallis est sed lectus aliquet, eget commodo ex maximus. Donec nec turpis non felis efficitur molestie nec eu lectus. Sed efficitur ante mauris, vel porta ante molestie aliquet. Aliquam non ante vestibulum, vestibulum nunc ac, interdum tortor. Aenean ac gravida nisi, ac porttitor mi. Proin dignissim ipsum eget lobortis pharetra. Aenean vitae luctus elit. Donec in maximus dolor, sed dictum ipsum. Pellentesque ultricies sapien vestibulum, convallis velit porta, malesuada lacus.

Duis sed tortor ac risus ornare congue. Sed pretium tellus eu eros imperdiet interdum. Nullam eget bibendum nisl, quis dapibus velit. Quisque diam mi, hendrerit ut elit ac, placerat maximus ipsum. Quisque non est non nisi mollis mattis ac semper enim. Vivamus fringilla vulputate nisi vitae placerat. Fusce vehicula accumsan tempus. Praesent vel arcu at tortor ultrices mattis ut non mi. Quisque quis finibus ante. Nunc libero orci, pharetra a arcu sed, vulputate ornare turpis. Proin viverra, elit sollicitudin sagittis aliquet, massa ligula imperdiet nibh, ac feugiat lacus lorem sollicitudin nulla. Praesent pretium consequat porttitor. Donec rutrum lobortis est, vel varius ex dapibus nec. Vivamus a finibus tortor. Vestibulum nec arcu interdum, ultricies dolor quis, placerat neque. Vivamus a dolor ut sem commodo ultrices.

Donec vulputate imperdiet efficitur. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; In diam sapien, fermentum nec ultrices vitae, aliquet semper erat. Etiam auctor lorem enim, sed iaculis turpis cursus non. Vivamus a lorem ac sapien efficitur facilisis. Nam tincidunt aliquet diam eu egestas. In ipsum magna, pretium vestibulum dolor ac, placerat pretium augue. Vestibulum lobortis urna et felis pellentesque semper. Morbi aliquam ante at sollicitudin vulputate. Aliquam erat volutpat.

Phasellus et venenatis diam, eleifend dapibus ante. Integer ac metus eros. In a ligula sit amet nibh malesuada sollicitudin nec ut diam. Vivamus eu dolor ac arcu varius egestas at eu ante. Maecenas iaculis erat magna, vitae pretium quam maximus non. Aenean interdum tortor in tellus tincidunt, ut auctor ipsum elementum. Sed eu risus a mi dignissim suscipit quis vel elit. Nunc eu iaculis tellus, sed accumsan nunc. Nullam nisi sapien, pellentesque at pretium vehicula, suscipit ac ipsum. Nullam euismod in dolor eget interdum. Nulla facilisi. Sed pellentesque, lectus vel ullamcorper gravida, tellus est facilisis tellus, condimentum pretium ipsum eros sed felis. Vestibulum accumsan eu leo eget viverra.

Vivamus sed consequat dui, eget euismod enim. Proin tristique nibh quis tortor mattis facilisis. Nunc hendrerit efficitur nulla vitae euismod. Phasellus tincidunt facilisis sagittis. Nullam cursus varius augue, at fringilla mauris. Nullam at ullamcorper dui, a porta justo. Sed quis ligula et ex mattis consectetur sit amet et est.

Maecenas nisi tellus, imperdiet eu leo sit amet, viverra blandit lorem. Duis ut mi ornare, tempus ligula eget, facilisis sapien. Nulla faucibus eu nisi ac rhoncus. Nunc in turpis nec est tempus maximus. Aliquam placerat nisi lorem, vel rhoncus nulla hendrerit ac. Nulla facilisi. Ut congue quam purus, et commodo risus egestas eget. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Vestibulum aliquet lorem et arcu commodo, et pellentesque ex vulputate. Maecenas vel tempus dui. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Quisque vel orci in lectus tempus aliquet. Maecenas eget leo eu nisi mollis fringilla. Aenean eu leo sed purus tempus varius. Maecenas id lectus leo.

Vivamus lorem urna, aliquet vitae fringilla nec, sollicitudin sed nisl. Pellentesque in ultricies sapien, non iaculis metus. Cras at placerat velit. Cras porta nisl sed lacus molestie, at vulputate dui dignissim. Donec sed lacus suscipit, vulputate turpis id, placerat enim. Aliquam aliquet sed nisl eu semper. Vestibulum convallis risus ac urna dictum fermentum vitae a mi. Mauris urna purus, pretium a bibendum at, aliquam at lorem. Suspendisse eleifend ornare ultrices. Phasellus dictum turpis sollicitudin eleifend sollicitudin.

Cras lobortis libero nisi, quis tincidunt tortor iaculis at. Nullam placerat luctus tellus, a tincidunt turpis auctor eget. Etiam arcu lectus, pharetra et orci ut, fermentum vulputate risus. Vivamus a nisi varius quam tincidunt finibus a in quam. Maecenas sit amet lacinia nunc. Sed congue ipsum in elit placerat bibendum. Pellentesque vel dolor est. Aliquam aliquam varius imperdiet. Sed tristique leo sed orci convallis rutrum. Etiam vulputate commodo turpis sed pellentesque. Curabitur ac est nec sapien venenatis eleifend. Mauris tempus aliquam velit ac volutpat. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Ut vestibulum nulla turpis, commodo malesuada tortor lacinia et. Nullam lacinia ullamcorper lacus nec congue.

Fusce ut ex quis est hendrerit rutrum. Aliquam erat volutpat. Aenean nec imperdiet metus, at sodales turpis. Phasellus eleifend turpis at odio interdum, ut congue justo placerat. Aliquam ac risus fermentum, gravida elit ut, ornare sapien. Praesent interdum bibendum placerat. Aenean fermentum sollicitudin mauris, sed pulvinar lectus feugiat viverra. Pellentesque quis imperdiet nisi. Aenean pretium nibh convallis, pulvinar sapien nec, consequat lacus. Sed auctor gravida ex sagittis aliquet. Sed eleifend ultrices convallis. Sed interdum cursus arcu, eget pretium nunc bibendum ut. Sed non gravida arcu.

Nam nec ipsum vulputate, luctus diam eu, blandit tellus. Suspendisse commodo ornare metus vitae dignissim. Maecenas vel sodales eros. Nulla facilisi. Nullam feugiat scelerisque velit, in mattis velit vehicula molestie. Ut convallis faucibus elementum. Donec molestie congue lectus, eget rhoncus quam molestie in. Praesent mi enim, eleifend id sapien et, sagittis semper sapien. Vestibulum vel dictum leo. Proin ac tellus nulla. In hac habitasse platea dictumst.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Aenean molestie urna eget magna fermentum lacinia. Nulla in elit lectus. Suspendisse sapien elit, aliquam et mollis in, mollis sed quam. Ut a elit sit amet ligula tempus imperdiet et ac purus. Curabitur consequat, nisi condimentum semper tempor, odio lacus aliquam dui, a mattis lorem nulla id urna. Phasellus maximus viverra erat. Suspendisse ut libero in libero scelerisque fringilla. Nam semper urna ac dapibus dictum. In egestas maximus semper.

Donec consequat sodales dolor quis condimentum. Etiam eu nisl quis nunc egestas malesuada eu nec velit. Nulla egestas fringilla hendrerit. Quisque aliquam tortor in cursus ullamcorper. Nulla commodo euismod lacus, at lacinia augue fermentum vitae. Curabitur vel blandit leo. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Nam sed aliquet augue. Cras nec mattis odio, id consequat nunc.

Aliquam erat volutpat. Vestibulum et volutpat purus, sit amet aliquet nibh. Aliquam consectetur blandit placerat. Pellentesque sit amet condimentum ligula, nec tempus risus. Ut accumsan accumsan felis vehicula ultricies. Aenean in varius lacus, id fringilla metus. Vestibulum lobortis vel augue id congue. Suspendisse ultrices lobortis ultrices. Duis pulvinar condimentum accumsan. In viverra, quam a gravida mattis, lectus tellus sodales risus, ut accumsan dolor purus non diam. Nunc iaculis varius turpis. Fusce sollicitudin quis lacus ut posuere. Nunc fringilla faucibus libero, sit amet varius libero eleifend efficitur. Mauris diam est, facilisis pharetra porta sit amet, pharetra a arcu. Donec viverra tincidunt orci a tincidunt. Sed sapien enim, condimentum ut vestibulum quis, imperdiet ut ligula.

Donec ac nisl nec felis consequat suscipit condimentum vel ante. Sed eleifend vulputate quam, non ultrices urna venenatis ut. Vestibulum vitae gravida ipsum. Fusce vel nisl eget tortor tristique auctor. Maecenas vitae dictum velit. Sed tincidunt, enim sit amet dignissim molestie, eros augue imperdiet sapien, vitae luctus nisi massa cursus lacus. Donec interdum luctus hendrerit. Phasellus in tincidunt justo. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Nullam nec mollis eros. Sed molestie scelerisque turpis id scelerisque. Etiam vestibulum, nunc dignissim consequat iaculis, velit odio finibus nisi, ut fermentum magna mauris id libero. Sed ac aliquet lacus. Nulla odio sapien, fermentum vitae porttitor vel, ultrices a sapien.

Morbi a risus fringilla, bibendum lectus vitae, consectetur sapien. Cras sit amet quam ut ante rutrum volutpat quis sed odio. Etiam dapibus tellus eget nunc maximus eleifend. Donec tristique, est eu elementum rutrum, nisl risus pellentesque justo, id suscipit sapien elit interdum turpis. Maecenas vitae arcu finibus, vestibulum purus sit amet, luctus velit. Etiam sed lorem at nisl vulputate posuere. Nunc sit amet ante sed magna finibus suscipit. Cras et libero in magna fringilla aliquam. Mauris interdum dolor turpis, non ornare elit egestas vel. Mauris id turpis et erat viverra laoreet eu nec nisl. Sed finibus dui ut faucibus faucibus. Maecenas at accumsan leo. Vivamus ullamcorper lectus mollis tempor lacinia. Morbi posuere laoreet molestie. Vivamus sed ex velit. Sed elit justo, ornare rhoncus augue in, mollis condimentum lacus.

Proin ornare risus lorem, accumsan pretium eros consectetur ac. Nunc at ipsum justo. Fusce ut ipsum at dui iaculis semper. Vestibulum laoreet semper mattis. Ut a interdum quam. Fusce sagittis purus vitae arcu congue placerat. Maecenas sollicitudin odio nisi, in pharetra augue iaculis eu.

Nulla accumsan odio id convallis eleifend. Fusce nisl diam, aliquet in laoreet iaculis, facilisis at ex. Morbi imperdiet tempus purus, vitae finibus lectus sollicitudin id. Nunc eros massa, ullamcorper non volutpat quis, sollicitudin vitae risus. Ut consequat quam ut consectetur ultrices. Suspendisse leo augue, cursus sit amet tincidunt elementum, vestibulum id sapien. Integer sit amet felis est. Suspendisse eu tortor facilisis, congue augue quis, ultricies orci. Etiam magna justo, suscipit vitae convallis fringilla, ullamcorper a ante. Cras orci risus, efficitur ut ullamcorper in, tempus ac eros. Nam id rutrum tellus. Integer accumsan mi est. Morbi placerat maximus urna ut sagittis. Nullam rhoncus sapien risus, sit amet facilisis sapien vehicula vel. Duis gravida sed diam eget mollis.

Vivamus in posuere sem. Vestibulum in erat quis metus varius convallis. Etiam in tristique eros, ac dapibus orci. Fusce ut tristique ipsum. Nunc vel vestibulum leo. Cras luctus pretium eros, quis lacinia dolor maximus nec. Proin convallis sem risus, vitae interdum mauris auctor ac. Maecenas ut tincidunt sapien. Vestibulum sed libero in dolor dignissim aliquet eget sodales sem. Aenean justo velit, maximus at interdum a, commodo a urna. Vivamus feugiat urna tincidunt, tincidunt nisi a, dapibus dolor. Suspendisse finibus nibh et felis bibendum, et varius orci finibus. Fusce vulputate neque turpis, eget semper eros suscipit ac.

Quisque vitae augue sem. Morbi commodo faucibus posuere. Suspendisse tincidunt ac lacus nec pharetra. Etiam auctor eleifend bibendum. Fusce nec augue non nisi ullamcorper vestibulum. Cras ultricies purus orci, eget bibendum arcu mattis ut. Morbi a nunc porttitor, tristique lectus tincidunt, tincidunt elit. Donec porta turpis vitae leo varius, eu rutrum risus suscipit. Curabitur ac leo quis felis sodales hendrerit a vitae sem. Donec rutrum tortor hendrerit, lacinia nisi id, lobortis erat. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Integer bibendum finibus sollicitudin. Etiam venenatis tincidunt ex in commodo. Nam egestas ante eu turpis tristique, nec ultricies diam aliquam.

Curabitur ut odio tincidunt, congue justo sit amet, malesuada erat. Mauris maximus congue luctus. Etiam at ex at ante aliquam fringilla. Maecenas neque neque, tristique sit amet erat at, consequat lacinia enim. Nam tincidunt ultricies accumsan. Nam in sem ipsum. Proin facilisis quis eros at convallis. Curabitur sit amet enim iaculis, tempus ipsum a, rhoncus lectus. Sed hendrerit, nulla ac gravida tincidunt, sapien enim dictum lorem, vitae pulvinar dui mauris rhoncus ante. Curabitur porta diam felis. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Curabitur interdum, risus et fringilla posuere, augue purus auctor felis, eget faucibus nisi ligula at elit. Suspendisse ut euismod eros. Aliquam ut turpis dapibus, ornare ante vitae, euismod sapien. Etiam interdum, neque non fringilla aliquam, nibh neque vulputate ex, et condimentum purus sapien id purus.

In a faucibus libero. Etiam eu leo dui. Suspendisse justo sapien, scelerisque in eros sed, semper ultrices diam. Pellentesque a felis eget quam luctus aliquet. Mauris vel venenatis magna, at scelerisque dui. Nunc id blandit sapien. Fusce fermentum elementum euismod. Ut auctor, sem at auctor congue, lorem ante fermentum nisi, id aliquam leo felis non turpis.

Sed tincidunt dignissim orci, at facilisis ipsum. Nam consectetur lacinia consectetur. Etiam auctor odio ante, eget vulputate velit cursus vitae. Etiam quis condimentum enim. Nam nec bibendum lacus, id ultrices tellus. Pellentesque vehicula risus sit amet tellus pellentesque, ac efficitur magna rhoncus. Cras placerat elit nec augue lobortis ultrices.

Sed tristique placerat dui sit amet feugiat. Vestibulum non iaculis leo, nec cursus ligula. Integer eget magna porttitor, mattis turpis id, egestas nisi. Nam pharetra mattis imperdiet. Integer quis pellentesque magna. Aliquam arcu odio, blandit nec lacus et, volutpat scelerisque ipsum. Praesent nec sapien sed dui volutpat interdum ut nec quam. Fusce tincidunt id sapien ut aliquam. Maecenas feugiat libero sit amet lorem aliquam finibus. Suspendisse eu mauris a justo consequat sodales vitae id nunc. Proin eget tincidunt risus. Nullam magna ligula, dignissim ut lorem at, dapibus rutrum felis. Morbi et dignissim ipsum. Nulla facilisi. Nam faucibus tristique est, et fermentum ante tristique ut. Mauris enim neque, ultrices at justo non, laoreet blandit nunc.

Ut quis metus consequat, sagittis odio vitae, pellentesque metus. Maecenas volutpat nisl magna, in condimentum est mollis et. Vivamus sodales quis lorem ut rutrum. Aliquam placerat enim in eleifend bibendum. Nam vel turpis magna. Mauris condimentum justo nec sem cursus ultricies. Morbi placerat leo ac mauris cursus malesuada. Proin dui justo, placerat finibus facilisis in, cursus ut dui. Suspendisse a ullamcorper nisl, sit amet bibendum ex. Pellentesque tristique erat vel nunc lacinia, at tristique ex congue. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Praesent tristique tincidunt tortor eget facilisis. Suspendisse auctor velit quis nunc tincidunt, id fringilla erat condimentum. Donec aliquam, ipsum a porttitor sollicitudin, nisl urna efficitur ante, at tristique est metus ut purus. Suspendisse at laoreet diam. Donec eu est pellentesque, porttitor tellus eu, suscipit ante.

Praesent id tempus sapien, vel fringilla purus. Mauris luctus congue malesuada. Vestibulum in leo ut lorem accumsan aliquet. Duis faucibus leo elementum turpis gravida viverra. Ut a sagittis purus, nec pulvinar libero. Mauris nisi lorem, malesuada vitae felis sit amet, placerat ultrices lectus. Aliquam et egestas neque, et bibendum augue. Duis et pharetra tortor, vel scelerisque leo. Quisque metus dolor, maximus vitae est quis, varius luctus ex. Fusce eu maximus mi. Phasellus bibendum turpis lorem. Aliquam sagittis eros turpis, ut vestibulum ante vulputate sed.

Cras sodales, urna a malesuada mattis, sem felis vehicula dolor, at maximus enim augue nec arcu. Nulla ornare, quam eleifend sagittis efficitur, nisi metus euismod elit, nec viverra purus turpis sed urna. Pellentesque dapibus massa et interdum dictum. Proin diam dolor, malesuada ut velit vitae, accumsan tempor est. Nunc et venenatis lacus. Vestibulum rutrum eleifend felis non molestie. Mauris sit amet nulla sapien. Pellentesque interdum finibus purus in aliquet. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Suspendisse volutpat pulvinar libero, quis laoreet turpis auctor sit amet. Sed faucibus sodales justo, quis vestibulum dolor feugiat vel. Etiam a mollis nulla. Praesent eget nunc sed tortor bibendum iaculis eu sit amet leo. Mauris ullamcorper scelerisque erat. Nam mollis libero mauris, eget congue velit aliquet ut. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos.

Quisque blandit sollicitudin erat, a maximus elit laoreet non. Sed sagittis nisl at viverra euismod. In ultrices egestas leo vel porttitor. Maecenas commodo venenatis nibh non eleifend. Nam sollicitudin sem a ipsum mattis, et faucibus lacus malesuada. Nunc vel ultrices orci. Aliquam at mauris blandit, ultrices massa a, varius neque. Quisque aliquet faucibus lorem a suscipit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Donec odio nibh, consequat nec purus a, sodales pretium augue. Morbi nec leo tellus. Nulla facilisi. Nullam dictum, nisi nec sodales interdum, sapien turpis porttitor elit, eu molestie magna magna id libero. Praesent ut porttitor elit. Duis efficitur rutrum consectetur. Nulla tempor odio a quam lobortis, et tempus dolor sollicitudin. Fusce ex erat, sagittis in tempor ac, tempus at mi.

Morbi tincidunt, mi elementum maximus rhoncus, sapien quam viverra enim, non volutpat diam velit eu magna. Vestibulum dignissim erat tempor libero aliquet mattis sed vel ex. Suspendisse potenti. Nunc eleifend tempus quam, a auctor odio malesuada nec. In tincidunt convallis venenatis. Sed at nisl in dolor ornare imperdiet. Donec maximus ligula at elit euismod, id consectetur arcu lacinia. Nunc ac mauris ipsum. Donec volutpat mollis elit, at scelerisque mauris. Nullam quam tellus, lacinia eget tincidunt vitae, commodo non sapien.

Phasellus efficitur accumsan augue quis mollis. Maecenas tincidunt sit amet nibh nec vulputate. Vestibulum sollicitudin urna congue odio vehicula volutpat. Sed pulvinar turpis non dictum maximus. Duis lacinia dictum placerat. Phasellus quis tempor dui. Duis vestibulum aliquet mi eu pulvinar.

Integer purus mi, sollicitudin vel bibendum eget, dignissim non mi. Sed lectus tellus, vehicula sit amet erat dictum, finibus dignissim diam. Nulla facilisi. Vestibulum quis augue et turpis vehicula egestas id vitae nunc. Donec massa elit, pellentesque ac hendrerit a, iaculis quis ipsum. Aenean eu felis sagittis, feugiat dolor eget, tincidunt enim. Proin sit amet interdum massa.

Nullam in commodo neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Morbi non nulla dui. Proin interdum pellentesque suscipit. Vivamus pulvinar tristique diam ac sollicitudin. Vivamus dapibus est massa, in laoreet odio aliquet a. Fusce ac turpis non mi lobortis bibendum in at erat. Donec nec dapibus lorem.

Fusce nibh nisl, viverra nec lectus et, placerat tincidunt justo. Vivamus non massa quis neque venenatis semper. Quisque ut sem tempor, sodales leo vitae, porta diam. Ut eu maximus libero, in lobortis libero. Donec nec nulla id nulla vestibulum feugiat vel id mi. Suspendisse a vehicula nulla, at efficitur nibh. Donec ligula sem, pellentesque quis eleifend id, dapibus elementum metus.

Proin mollis semper libero, a ullamcorper sapien facilisis in. Duis magna turpis, facilisis ac placerat sit amet, mollis sit amet odio. Donec convallis dignissim mauris eu tincidunt. Phasellus luctus, nulla tincidunt lobortis dictum, odio libero hendrerit mauris, in tincidunt lacus mauris vitae mi. Pellentesque laoreet dolor nec risus suscipit gravida. Aenean accumsan dolor quis elit faucibus consequat. Aliquam in orci posuere, venenatis massa ut, condimentum urna. Integer hendrerit enim ultrices ipsum tempus, sed suscipit felis facilisis. Vestibulum pulvinar fermentum diam, quis sagittis erat faucibus eu. Nulla malesuada nunc nec tortor condimentum, in elementum tellus sodales. Nulla volutpat auctor arcu id vehicula. Vivamus pretium, massa et fringilla suscipit, risus mi vehicula elit, nec laoreet nunc magna sed nibh. Praesent posuere ex libero, eu hendrerit turpis vestibulum ut. Praesent nisl justo, tincidunt dictum massa a, consequat iaculis nisi.

Sed condimentum elit ac diam viverra ornare. Etiam mollis rutrum dolor, ut cursus lorem dignissim at. Integer venenatis tincidunt mi, quis congue nibh luctus vitae. Nullam est sapien, lobortis a consequat eu, suscipit sed ligula. Morbi enim orci, blandit vehicula purus eu, euismod bibendum odio. Morbi at posuere massa. Integer non purus sed erat lobortis ullamcorper at non nulla. Aenean risus purus, posuere sed auctor non, eleifend sed erat. Pellentesque eu ante elementum nisl ultricies tempus id id enim. Suspendisse eu nisi ut enim congue scelerisque. Vivamus odio lorem, finibus ut lacus ac, mattis porta purus. Sed vitae bibendum massa. Ut odio turpis, gravida ac nunc ut, tempus faucibus lacus. Fusce non tempus turpis.

Praesent convallis erat enim, a scelerisque justo lobortis auctor. In rutrum nulla sed tellus aliquam blandit. Morbi tempus blandit dapibus. Nulla scelerisque tempus consectetur. Donec et accumsan justo, ut faucibus tortor. Proin in mi pretium, aliquet est in, hendrerit purus. Fusce risus mi, porttitor ut malesuada ac, aliquet non arcu. Vivamus suscipit nisl lacus, ut tincidunt eros rutrum in. Suspendisse maximus eleifend viverra. Vivamus bibendum orci non mollis malesuada. Fusce pulvinar nec magna quis gravida. Nam pharetra euismod lacus non molestie. Integer vel aliquet tellus, tempor malesuada lacus. Morbi pellentesque justo venenatis, suscipit quam eget, accumsan urna.

Phasellus imperdiet est nec justo aliquam ornare. Cras pulvinar arcu sapien, nec iaculis dui porttitor mattis. Quisque vel tellus iaculis, faucibus nisl a, dictum velit. Quisque fringilla turpis non ligula gravida, nec venenatis dui tempus. Donec est mauris, fringilla sed bibendum quis, interdum id quam. Integer tempor, metus cursus sagittis bibendum, justo sem vulputate massa, quis consequat nulla arcu et quam. Nullam et turpis quis ex hendrerit tristique. Praesent sed mauris id risus facilisis pharetra vitae cursus ligula. Aenean quis mi at velit rutrum tempus sagittis in lorem. Aliquam eget purus a mi interdum pellentesque. Phasellus sollicitudin eget ligula eu hendrerit. Morbi ac erat id sapien tincidunt vestibulum bibendum id tellus. Quisque magna diam, tincidunt ut commodo ac, varius ac mi. Sed ante purus, volutpat id placerat ac, maximus ac enim. Integer aliquet mauris nunc, sit amet consequat turpis tempor vitae.

Maecenas et nulla eu elit convallis sodales. Etiam cursus diam neque, nec consectetur tellus mattis ut. Vivamus malesuada, sapien eget imperdiet euismod, velit nibh convallis odio, dictum aliquam leo ipsum ac dui. Donec et elementum tortor. Nulla in mi vel justo pellentesque volutpat sit amet sit amet metus. Nulla vel lacus at sem tempor imperdiet a vitae arcu. Morbi eu leo at ex vehicula consequat eu at leo. Aliquam ac sollicitudin lorem. Donec non libero faucibus, consequat elit ac, tincidunt elit. Aliquam sit amet tincidunt mauris, in lacinia ex.

Nunc dictum odio eros, vitae egestas tortor finibus eget. Mauris vitae lacus vitae nisl consectetur ullamcorper quis ut nisl. Quisque sit amet finibus libero. Donec libero metus, vulputate eget sem ut, sollicitudin tristique massa. Aenean in lacus eros. Aenean nec justo laoreet, sagittis dolor in, tristique nibh. Donec interdum eu urna sit amet accumsan. Phasellus nec rutrum justo. Nullam sit amet tortor scelerisque, malesuada nulla non, volutpat libero.

Donec tempus ultricies odio id ullamcorper. Sed vestibulum laoreet justo eget viverra. In posuere in eros nec vehicula. Aenean consequat ipsum purus, non varius tellus consectetur ac. Fusce congue a risus tincidunt consequat. Nunc cursus sem a est suscipit, a fringilla tellus pulvinar. Cras vestibulum lacus ex, quis pretium sem vestibulum in. Quisque ultricies, lectus nec consequat gravida, orci mi egestas leo, sit amet porttitor sem turpis et arcu.

Donec a viverra felis. Pellentesque ornare tempor laoreet. Phasellus imperdiet id lacus nec molestie. Donec tincidunt malesuada iaculis. Aliquam quis metus gravida, varius dui sit amet, aliquet tellus. Cras at lacus eu erat consequat ullamcorper placerat in justo. Morbi mollis ligula ac auctor pretium. Phasellus a porta tortor. Aliquam in mi blandit, fermentum turpis nec, dapibus ante. Morbi a ligula ipsum. Aliquam sed hendrerit lorem.

Integer quis volutpat orci. Suspendisse cursus lectus et viverra imperdiet. Cras non odio mauris. Quisque ultricies metus eget nunc bibendum maximus. Proin finibus dui vel facilisis fermentum. Sed consequat condimentum dui, ornare fringilla risus gravida et. Vivamus id mauris ut metus bibendum fermentum vel ac velit. Aenean condimentum efficitur metus et aliquam. Aliquam odio risus, pharetra a dictum quis, consequat eu lorem. Nam eu leo erat.

Vivamus interdum vitae arcu eu tincidunt. Morbi dictum ex justo, id malesuada sem luctus eu. Nullam sagittis sit amet est sit amet dapibus. Mauris et sapien lorem. Aliquam felis sem, aliquet in risus vel, laoreet commodo ex. Nunc in lorem eget orci fermentum tincidunt. In vitae nibh quis ante fringilla dignissim at quis nisl. Nullam justo ligula, ultrices a blandit eget, pulvinar a odio. Mauris a pharetra tortor. Nullam semper est eget sapien venenatis mattis. Cras eu leo condimentum, tristique neque sed, tincidunt arcu. Aenean malesuada nunc quis dolor mollis, et tempus magna cursus. In egestas nibh et massa sagittis molestie. Maecenas blandit, mauris at vulputate euismod, nibh elit pretium ante, ut gravida est tortor lacinia ligula. Etiam vulputate ante vitae iaculis fringilla. Donec elementum eget lorem at fringilla.

Suspendisse potenti. Nulla pellentesque et ante sed pharetra. Nulla non lacus ut nunc aliquet imperdiet. In auctor nisl ut leo sollicitudin molestie. Sed ultricies luctus lorem non venenatis. Etiam malesuada vehicula pharetra. Proin ac tempus ante, vel lobortis libero. Morbi luctus, neque quis eleifend dignissim, magna eros ullamcorper libero, eget posuere massa tortor sed erat. Donec ipsum erat, imperdiet vitae interdum sit amet, venenatis lacinia diam. Pellentesque rutrum felis at sollicitudin ornare. Cras eget nunc at massa tristique efficitur.

Curabitur aliquam libero et iaculis egestas. Pellentesque mollis tellus in ante vehicula vehicula. Aenean congue dapibus libero, sit amet tincidunt velit semper sed. Proin molestie elementum orci et elementum. Duis nunc risus, congue ut tempus id, sollicitudin eget sapien. Donec risus urna, sollicitudin aliquet nibh laoreet, ornare rhoncus leo. Quisque eget nulla at dui viverra varius et a magna. Donec in hendrerit arcu, in auctor leo. Nam nec turpis in ante porta faucibus a eget purus.

Nam pellentesque lectus lacus, non aliquet augue lobortis nec. Donec eu rutrum felis. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Vivamus fringilla orci nec libero interdum, sit amet scelerisque mi fermentum. Cras nec dolor porta, tristique dolor id, pulvinar ex. Mauris sem mi, accumsan sit amet arcu nec, mattis porttitor nulla. Nulla sit amet tortor vitae eros tincidunt feugiat. Duis eu porta enim. Vestibulum gravida iaculis enim. Suspendisse finibus vehicula augue ut porttitor. Curabitur tristique justo pellentesque metus facilisis fermentum. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed at tellus ipsum. Donec sodales lacus non diam hendrerit efficitur. Aliquam orci mi, ultrices tempus tempor sed, tempus a libero. Phasellus aliquet laoreet enim a fringilla.

Pellentesque ultrices, quam at tristique dignissim, sem eros pretium libero, ut ultrices neque neque at justo. Mauris ac libero eu orci fringilla pulvinar vel ac quam. Mauris euismod elit ac felis scelerisque lacinia vitae a nibh. Phasellus eget tincidunt nulla. Aenean nulla purus, congue et nisl quis, aliquet lacinia massa. Quisque pretium tristique metus, quis fermentum mi efficitur sed. Nullam sodales posuere turpis nec ultricies. Aenean viverra lacus ligula, tempor dictum felis rhoncus a. Quisque lacus magna, finibus at eros a, efficitur semper mauris. Vivamus ipsum erat, condimentum in dui pharetra, maximus aliquam lectus. Nullam tempus justo pretium, tempus mauris quis, ultricies neque. Donec ac lacus ornare, feugiat augue at, ornare nisi. Pellentesque commodo ex sit amet posuere tempor. In hac habitasse platea dictumst.

Etiam ac scelerisque dui. Quisque ut risus sapien. Vivamus efficitur porta sem vitae ultrices. Nunc est risus, maximus ac ante eu, accumsan accumsan dui. Nunc et vulputate lectus, et sagittis nulla. Fusce quis mi leo. Etiam commodo orci urna, et viverra nisl euismod eget. Fusce odio libero, vulputate ac felis vel, sagittis efficitur ipsum. Nulla facilisis bibendum enim, fringilla ullamcorper nisl semper et. Aliquam erat volutpat.

Suspendisse lobortis quis metus quis malesuada. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Nulla quis elit venenatis, pretium nibh eget, elementum nibh. Mauris ut euismod quam, volutpat venenatis purus. Vestibulum urna velit, pellentesque ut faucibus a, aliquam quis sapien. Duis ut gravida lorem. Nullam vitae laoreet sapien. Fusce erat diam, facilisis sit amet consequat viverra, congue sit amet nulla.

Fusce hendrerit sollicitudin justo, in vulputate quam sagittis eget. Pellentesque dignissim justo ac orci fringilla fringilla. Aenean bibendum mauris vulputate, blandit velit porttitor, feugiat orci. Curabitur tincidunt leo velit, sit amet pulvinar nunc sagittis eget. Vestibulum eget pharetra lectus, non scelerisque ex. Donec eget erat diam. Maecenas blandit vestibulum leo, sed ornare quam tristique eget. Nam suscipit urna in pretium congue. Quisque iaculis felis imperdiet mi efficitur scelerisque. Aenean at purus in quam lacinia tristique eu sit amet nunc. Quisque varius quam id commodo venenatis. Suspendisse potenti.

Sed semper lorem sed scelerisque vulputate. Aenean faucibus odio tortor. Maecenas vitae ante eros. Cras rhoncus at purus ac rutrum. Morbi scelerisque arcu ut fermentum ultricies. Praesent dolor nulla, vestibulum id libero ac, commodo auctor lectus. Proin ullamcorper luctus nulla, vitae viverra dui fermentum quis. Donec efficitur, nisi nec dignissim elementum, purus magna consequat lorem, at dignissim lorem eros quis tortor. Phasellus nulla risus, pellentesque a purus et, lacinia bibendum lectus. Mauris faucibus nisl dui, quis maximus ex cursus sed. Curabitur vel vehicula lorem.

Fusce sed nulla sem. Nunc fermentum fermentum libero, nec fermentum lectus ullamcorper ac. Mauris posuere finibus suscipit. Ut eget consequat augue. Donec viverra mi eget ipsum malesuada, at bibendum nibh condimentum. Etiam laoreet volutpat lacus ornare pharetra. Maecenas vel mauris semper, mollis erat ut, tempus neque. Phasellus fermentum scelerisque pretium. Proin in ex non libero laoreet viverra. Aenean blandit imperdiet enim vel rhoncus.

Fusce molestie suscipit dui, feugiat eleifend nunc condimentum convallis. Nam justo augue, porta ut diam nec, placerat suscipit tortor. Cras ac augue sollicitudin, vulputate lorem ac, laoreet sapien. In non varius tellus. Nunc a tempor risus, id sodales risus. Nam fermentum laoreet ultrices. In blandit a lacus nec consectetur. Fusce tincidunt auctor risus. Praesent ut nisi consequat, mattis ante id, molestie sapien. Ut aliquet libero dapibus, aliquet odio ac, porttitor eros. Donec accumsan dolor et enim blandit, non lacinia leo consequat. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nam at sem et turpis fringilla viverra interdum vitae mi. Fusce dapibus turpis non nisi imperdiet rutrum. Vestibulum ut leo sem. Praesent id mi bibendum, vehicula enim consectetur, laoreet nulla.

Cras mauris risus, sodales ut lorem in, consequat faucibus justo. Praesent commodo tellus sed nunc porttitor, et lacinia est pretium. Phasellus eu tincidunt arcu. Morbi urna quam, venenatis varius eros ut, varius aliquam dui. Cras eget orci at ipsum ultrices ultrices quis vel enim. Vivamus lacinia nisi at lectus sagittis dictum. Aliquam interdum quam sit amet justo blandit, sit amet laoreet erat dictum. Nulla suscipit ac elit quis mollis. Fusce sagittis massa nunc, quis malesuada dui tempus in. Aenean fringilla elit nisl, ut gravida nisl consectetur et. Proin semper nibh id malesuada auctor. Cras eu quam tincidunt, eleifend neque id, hendrerit sapien. Nunc at lorem id sem dapibus lobortis eget in purus. Sed tincidunt est eget felis cursus egestas.

Sed feugiat, tellus et venenatis blandit, augue lorem vehicula est, at elementum purus elit ut libero. Nunc sed tellus ut lacus mollis blandit. Proin eget porta lorem. Maecenas sodales rutrum metus, ut dignissim massa vehicula et. Sed molestie bibendum magna et gravida. Aenean sem erat, lobortis sed dapibus vitae, dictum ut velit. Aenean vestibulum mauris id faucibus vestibulum. Nulla facilisi. Donec sit amet dolor quis dolor condimentum tincidunt. Ut eget turpis hendrerit, consequat dolor at, semper arcu. Integer id dolor vitae eros dignissim convallis. Sed tincidunt arcu tortor, eu elementum nulla facilisis non. Fusce finibus, mi eu posuere eleifend, justo eros molestie ligula, non pulvinar lectus nisl sed tortor. Phasellus in diam et ipsum mollis ornare vitae quis enim. Etiam volutpat mollis leo eu facilisis. Praesent imperdiet orci nisi, quis consectetur nibh varius id.

Quisque orci nunc, vulputate quis rhoncus eu, tempus ac sem. In ut dictum turpis, ac rhoncus erat. In sed iaculis nisi. Ut porta facilisis interdum. Fusce non accumsan ante. Sed et purus mauris. Morbi vulputate, libero quis bibendum pretium, orci nibh tristique nibh, sed posuere odio ipsum a nunc. Mauris eget convallis diam, sit amet ornare enim. Aenean sed erat consectetur, ullamcorper nisi id, venenatis lacus. Nam ornare ipsum eleifend mi commodo, id rutrum neque fermentum. Duis risus elit, varius id cursus a, maximus eget dolor. In venenatis sodales urna, nec finibus quam porta ut. Suspendisse massa odio, blandit quis eleifend vulputate, laoreet eget sem. Vivamus eget feugiat tortor, vel elementum neque. Morbi sed leo eu purus porttitor lobortis non semper lacus. Praesent convallis nunc non vestibulum viverra.

Ut ac velit sollicitudin, consectetur tortor vitae, aliquam dui. In vitae suscipit risus. Curabitur laoreet posuere ultrices. Nulla ultrices, quam non rutrum elementum, arcu erat porttitor quam, id consequat libero nunc vitae mi. Vestibulum fringilla in risus ac posuere. Nam tempus, massa at vulputate eleifend, nunc lacus aliquam odio, ac laoreet turpis nisl eget augue. Pellentesque imperdiet ultricies neque, nec scelerisque ligula vulputate ut. In at pulvinar quam. Ut aliquam dictum luctus. Nunc lorem tellus, ultrices eu dui a, finibus convallis felis. Sed iaculis odio eu sodales aliquet. Morbi lobortis mollis sapien quis laoreet. Nunc quam dui, egestas in est id, semper sagittis tellus.

Pellentesque pharetra rhoncus lectus, at iaculis lorem pulvinar ac. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Fusce vitae orci porta, dapibus lacus a, condimentum nisl. Morbi molestie magna tempor nisl dapibus pharetra. Sed vulputate tincidunt pulvinar. Donec congue gravida tortor at eleifend. Ut ac leo nec metus egestas dapibus vehicula vel metus. Cras nulla mi, euismod nec viverra sit amet, condimentum et tellus. Praesent dolor massa, porta ut lacus eu, imperdiet tincidunt dui. Nam viverra erat tellus, at porttitor dui malesuada vel. Aenean non placerat neque, ut accumsan est. Curabitur vitae aliquet nunc. Cras eu consequat magna, rhoncus cursus nisl. Cras facilisis nunc tortor, ut interdum felis sodales ac. Pellentesque a euismod quam, a aliquam dolor.

Maecenas in nulla tempus, tincidunt lorem vel, feugiat mauris. Quisque non erat ut nulla commodo pretium vitae ut nisi. Aliquam erat volutpat. Mauris ac risus finibus, venenatis lacus non, laoreet ipsum. Aenean efficitur dictum massa quis sagittis. Nunc commodo aliquet posuere. Etiam sit amet nunc diam. Sed id accumsan augue, id blandit eros. Proin hendrerit cursus ligula. Donec in nibh sit amet tellus interdum iaculis quis vitae arcu. Nam nec ipsum eget felis dapibus congue a luctus ipsum. In hac habitasse platea dictumst.

Pellentesque dui dolor, cursus vitae pharetra consequat, aliquam ut nibh. Proin id ex eget nisi aliquam semper. Donec ac rhoncus nibh. Proin at ante sem. Cras iaculis finibus felis. Sed et cursus nibh. Morbi laoreet gravida orci, quis rhoncus ex viverra quis. Integer viverra sagittis augue eu ornare. Sed eget massa auctor, imperdiet urna at, consectetur dolor. Vestibulum maximus congue nulla ut elementum. Phasellus rhoncus nulla eu elit fringilla, consectetur faucibus massa laoreet. Mauris et mi placerat, pharetra neque eget, convallis turpis. Sed iaculis condimentum lectus ac eleifend. Nullam ut risus ut mauris eleifend ullamcorper.

Donec eget lorem bibendum arcu egestas convallis sit amet sit amet purus. Ut sed tempus nibh. Morbi euismod dolor sit amet lobortis sollicitudin. Quisque vitae varius nisi. Integer sed nisi dui. Sed ut enim id odio consequat volutpat at non diam. Phasellus tincidunt neque nibh, eu vestibulum ligula efficitur in. Aliquam aliquam lobortis velit, a ullamcorper elit dictum ac. Phasellus vulputate luctus tellus in lobortis. Vivamus enim massa, lobortis vestibulum augue ac, gravida ornare massa. In congue tortor eu risus iaculis feugiat. In congue enim ante, vitae efficitur leo molestie quis.

Aliquam elit magna, porta ut maximus sed, ultricies vel mauris. Integer laoreet aliquam sapien eget iaculis. Nullam et tortor maximus, gravida lectus non, aliquam augue. Nunc eu dictum lorem. Donec non orci a dui egestas lacinia. Nulla commodo tristique ex, sed dapibus metus malesuada ac. Fusce faucibus ligula sit amet felis facilisis accumsan. Quisque luctus nulla quis massa vestibulum, sit amet volutpat ex mollis. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Cras ac tellus malesuada, laoreet ipsum vitae, dapibus neque. Donec pretium orci nec mi convallis, a vulputate enim volutpat. Sed mollis vehicula lorem in molestie.

Etiam finibus hendrerit neque, non ultricies arcu malesuada vitae. Aliquam hendrerit tristique turpis, at cursus augue hendrerit ac. Suspendisse et mollis nisi. Suspendisse blandit aliquam faucibus. Morbi id fringilla massa. Praesent ut accumsan velit, at efficitur tortor. Suspendisse potenti. In ac varius est. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Fusce ligula odio, vehicula et tristique a, finibus quis libero. In id enim volutpat, ultricies mauris a, hendrerit eros. Sed vehicula a purus laoreet venenatis. Phasellus faucibus pellentesque nunc vel feugiat. Ut rutrum blandit faucibus. Integer ac dignissim urna, eu tempor tellus. Donec commodo ultricies risus quis maximus.

Fusce in rutrum risus. Integer ac gravida enim. Nullam ac dolor lectus. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Nam laoreet sem ornare ligula mattis, id sollicitudin mauris semper. Aenean ac metus non massa blandit finibus. Curabitur euismod tempor velit nec porttitor. Cras aliquet risus at aliquam posuere. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; In nisl nulla, commodo tristique libero a, elementum sagittis orci.

Donec augue turpis, maximus id ante id, elementum maximus quam. Vivamus feugiat est in urna elementum, id vulputate lorem suscipit. Quisque condimentum velit sem, sit amet auctor neque lobortis et. Nunc porttitor felis erat, eget dignissim nunc commodo a. Phasellus ut dolor in augue tempus porta ut a sapien. Duis fermentum pulvinar velit in suscipit. Maecenas felis velit, lacinia nec risus at, viverra consectetur tortor. Nulla quis tempor augue, vel consectetur lorem. Vestibulum pretium enim ut orci maximus, vitae vestibulum neque aliquet. Donec dignissim libero ut turpis vulputate maximus. Sed bibendum volutpat aliquam. Nunc fringilla magna ut orci auctor dictum.

Mauris placerat consectetur condimentum. Aliquam vitae arcu vitae enim molestie elementum a et mauris. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Aliquam tristique faucibus metus tristique placerat. Ut vestibulum nisi sit amet dui volutpat dapibus. In ante elit, scelerisque at viverra in, luctus nec nulla. Sed congue orci eget lectus hendrerit aliquet. Integer augue purus, efficitur vulputate dignissim eu, varius sit amet mauris. Vivamus auctor mi at elit vehicula, eu rutrum dui hendrerit. Vivamus faucibus eleifend velit, eget fringilla dui euismod interdum. Duis sed maximus ipsum, non venenatis tortor. Pellentesque facilisis ligula vel nulla commodo vehicula.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Mauris sit amet ligula et sem semper molestie. Quisque fringilla imperdiet lorem at ultricies. Nam tempus lacus ut urna placerat dapibus. Sed malesuada iaculis libero, eget eleifend sapien consectetur vel. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Vivamus sit amet fermentum mauris, eu gravida sem. Vivamus egestas purus nec orci sodales, et congue dolor imperdiet.

Aenean at faucibus orci. Mauris sed magna ac magna maximus dignissim et a justo. Nam ac metus pulvinar, gravida nisl nec, sollicitudin ligula. Pellentesque nec mi venenatis dolor venenatis interdum. Curabitur purus mauris, bibendum quis egestas et, faucibus in nulla. Suspendisse fringilla placerat blandit. Suspendisse tincidunt elit nisl, at venenatis elit ultricies vitae. Integer facilisis vulputate arcu, ac aliquet est varius lobortis. Fusce id maximus mauris. Pellentesque diam lorem, fringilla et lectus in, iaculis venenatis nibh.

Suspendisse fermentum risus arcu, vitae posuere tellus laoreet at. Integer condimentum est sit amet est ullamcorper tristique. Sed nisl mi, molestie sit amet arcu fringilla, condimentum consectetur nunc. Maecenas vel eros tincidunt elit venenatis laoreet. Mauris vel porta ipsum, ac placerat nunc. Donec metus ex, dapibus posuere lacus sit amet, cursus luctus urna. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Quisque gravida sem ex, eget iaculis nisl egestas nec. Proin eget metus et mi consequat ultrices vel a dui. Vivamus eu est vel nulla fringilla vulputate.

Sed ipsum orci, pellentesque a erat in, ultrices euismod nibh. Duis nec iaculis nisi. Morbi a auctor libero. Nunc et neque a eros suscipit egestas a nec turpis. Fusce bibendum eget tellus vitae vehicula. Donec eu sagittis quam, sed sagittis dolor. Praesent id sapien vestibulum, laoreet ipsum a, lacinia enim. Vestibulum elementum justo nec semper venenatis. Vestibulum aliquet scelerisque enim, et rhoncus lorem rhoncus at. Morbi scelerisque diam ac ligula gravida, ut eleifend diam ultricies. Aliquam accumsan maximus dapibus. Duis rhoncus malesuada leo, id rutrum magna ullamcorper et. Etiam magna sem, aliquam in elit venenatis, dictum laoreet odio.

Sed id mi in orci venenatis rutrum eu ac libero. Maecenas pulvinar tincidunt elit, quis sodales nisi semper nec. Aliquam tellus justo, accumsan eget orci non, rutrum facilisis purus. Proin et hendrerit dolor. Nunc fringilla sodales dolor, eu condimentum felis tristique vel. Praesent feugiat id libero non bibendum. Curabitur accumsan enim non mauris auctor, et luctus enim vehicula. Nunc nunc sapien, aliquet nec urna eget, ullamcorper maximus turpis. Vivamus a condimentum felis. Nullam at pharetra neque. Vestibulum eget odio ante. Vivamus sollicitudin gravida purus, vitae porttitor enim porttitor ut. Proin vulputate nisl eu lacus tristique, ut pretium ligula sodales. Aenean urna nulla, tempor quis arcu id, luctus malesuada leo. Etiam euismod justo eu dolor maximus, vitae aliquam magna vestibulum.

Pellentesque efficitur velit vel eros finibus sollicitudin. Donec maximus facilisis metus non facilisis. Nunc dictum turpis at mauris facilisis efficitur convallis condimentum mi. Vestibulum ut purus tincidunt, facilisis lorem in, sollicitudin lectus. Praesent aliquet ipsum tincidunt lobortis aliquet. Aliquam in fermentum nibh. Fusce volutpat neque quis mi rutrum, nec posuere lorem facilisis. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Curabitur elementum vestibulum urna, ac vehicula eros hendrerit nec. Aliquam dictum consequat diam non rutrum.

Nunc a eros est. Vestibulum varius quam ut viverra dignissim. Sed vitae blandit elit, et suscipit magna. Proin eu diam vitae dolor ultricies maximus. Maecenas ac pharetra justo, et venenatis odio. Ut vulputate tellus vel ornare accumsan. Phasellus commodo ullamcorper hendrerit. Aenean in metus sed nunc pulvinar ornare pretium ut est. Integer ac leo non magna sodales gravida. Ut consequat imperdiet ex at elementum. Quisque tincidunt massa id massa hendrerit, eget porta mi consectetur. Quisque bibendum urna vitae lobortis lobortis. Mauris non fringilla velit, a lacinia ligula. Donec eu felis a tellus convallis pharetra quis vel metus.

Etiam ornare ornare ex. Ut quis neque eget orci bibendum ultricies quis sed augue. Aenean id ipsum ut ante vestibulum fermentum nec eu tellus. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Praesent ornare neque et leo tristique, vitae venenatis risus semper. Integer mattis velit lacus, a mattis massa auctor et. Proin vel fringilla eros, ut porttitor risus. Vestibulum vulputate, leo ullamcorper ultrices vehicula, leo sapien efficitur lacus, vel congue metus nibh sit amet erat. Phasellus pellentesque porttitor sapien, vitae malesuada libero fringilla ut. Praesent sed quam et magna vulputate suscipit ut nec justo. In ante arcu, varius ac faucibus ac, vulputate vitae felis. Duis blandit arcu quis metus finibus laoreet quis nec turpis. Suspendisse consectetur sapien eget orci commodo varius. Nulla pulvinar tristique varius.

Suspendisse laoreet elit non mauris hendrerit molestie. Sed non sagittis tellus. Donec ut justo erat. Maecenas vel convallis orci, vitae iaculis metus. Phasellus finibus leo nec justo commodo tristique. Mauris mi eros, maximus id pellentesque at, congue eget justo. Quisque non purus non turpis egestas tempus. Morbi placerat, elit id faucibus maximus, mauris sem pulvinar mi, eu malesuada sapien augue suscipit dolor. Fusce congue et odio in feugiat. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Cras lorem nulla, mollis quis magna ac, finibus congue dolor.

Nam mollis tortor in nisl malesuada rutrum. Aenean consectetur pretium lacus, luctus aliquet metus scelerisque nec. Nunc cursus fringilla ullamcorper. Fusce pharetra mollis dolor sit amet bibendum. Mauris vel congue dui. Vestibulum imperdiet leo nec est vulputate, a tempor ex sagittis. Aliquam erat volutpat. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Duis nec consectetur lacus, in tempor ligula. Donec quis volutpat ipsum. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Maecenas nibh eros, molestie vitae justo eu, tincidunt porta nisi. Proin arcu augue, tincidunt at enim porttitor, dapibus dignissim est. Sed ornare sapien ut tempus mattis.

Suspendisse sed varius sapien, ut tempus ipsum. Nullam consectetur nulla sed elit facilisis placerat. Maecenas ac ex libero. Ut nec sagittis enim, eu porta nisl. Donec eu malesuada dolor. In lacinia metus dui, et efficitur justo elementum vitae. Integer at tellus in tortor luctus imperdiet non id erat. Vestibulum malesuada dui ut volutpat porta. Quisque hendrerit purus magna, eget venenatis orci tincidunt porttitor. Curabitur rhoncus sollicitudin bibendum. Cras elementum velit orci, eget feugiat tortor cursus convallis.

Sed sagittis posuere ligula, vel porta lectus commodo ultrices. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nulla volutpat auctor urna, quis laoreet libero pretium sit amet. Sed in venenatis ante. Proin congue leo nec nisl sodales, vel mattis tortor porttitor. Maecenas lacinia et turpis sed tempor. Etiam porttitor at augue a vestibulum. Phasellus rutrum ipsum ac ex sodales consectetur.

Nunc pretium in metus in porttitor. Quisque semper dapibus ante id iaculis. Cras cursus facilisis eros, vel dignissim metus. Duis eu mattis ligula. Integer gravida suscipit eros non mollis. Aliquam sagittis egestas orci ac auctor. Vestibulum in nibh ex. In fermentum odio convallis porttitor feugiat. Donec pharetra erat ut finibus pellentesque. In tristique tincidunt blandit. Vivamus elit elit, molestie ut bibendum ac, mollis at ante. In felis odio, aliquet sed est ut, tincidunt varius elit. Aliquam varius et nulla varius mollis.

In maximus ullamcorper pretium. Nullam ac libero non nisi semper cursus. Sed vitae massa egestas, cursus leo sollicitudin, venenatis sapien. Nullam ut dui interdum, scelerisque ipsum at, eleifend velit. Curabitur sed semper mauris. Nam porttitor fringilla porta. Donec quis leo semper, aliquam mauris ac, blandit tortor. Nunc sed risus lacus. Integer malesuada sapien nec est venenatis consectetur. Morbi nec dolor euismod, ultricies augue quis, pretium tortor. Vivamus ac tincidunt quam. Sed placerat velit ac aliquam rutrum.

In accumsan sapien ut lacus mollis, id tincidunt enim tempor. Sed quis odio vitae tortor commodo aliquet. Fusce auctor sem id nulla posuere, sollicitudin dictum lacus interdum. Sed in felis et sapien dictum suscipit. Aliquam lectus metus, convallis ornare ligula ac, hendrerit interdum quam. Nulla laoreet at ligula non varius. Ut finibus blandit mauris, ac convallis odio luctus quis.

Donec feugiat, neque ultrices aliquam convallis, enim ligula euismod nisl, vitae mollis augue lorem eget tortor. Quisque mattis, mauris at congue porttitor, nunc tellus dignissim libero, ut pellentesque tellus dui at velit. Fusce eu pulvinar sapien. Sed ac commodo neque. Morbi pretium condimentum ex non dapibus. Etiam quis purus ac est volutpat efficitur ut ac augue. Nunc enim lorem, commodo a consectetur ut, finibus a nunc. Vivamus ornare risus vel sem mattis vulputate sit amet nec urna. Vestibulum mattis, dolor eget euismod blandit, purus nulla pretium libero, sit amet auctor lectus lacus a libero. Aenean nec risus est. Vestibulum vehicula ut tellus sed molestie. Donec gravida est non bibendum ornare. Morbi id iaculis elit, fringilla efficitur velit. Donec condimentum eget ex eu iaculis. Donec pretium sem lacus, vitae rhoncus leo accumsan ut.

Donec vel consectetur nibh, in scelerisque ex. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Maecenas dignissim purus quis fermentum laoreet. Vivamus imperdiet et ex id elementum. Donec id euismod mauris. Aenean ut purus vel libero lacinia finibus. Etiam rhoncus nunc a leo dignissim, eu vehicula ex cursus. Nulla et ornare quam. Pellentesque eu augue quis felis pharetra eleifend.

Etiam ac orci vitae nulla venenatis euismod. Sed vulputate blandit facilisis. Maecenas ac quam nec libero dapibus eleifend. Aenean dictum sem nec orci viverra dictum. Ut ultrices sollicitudin lacus, vel lacinia ipsum imperdiet vitae. Sed tristique justo lectus, nec tincidunt purus condimentum sit amet. Etiam nisl mauris, placerat quis diam nec, cursus condimentum risus. Etiam metus massa, molestie vitae eleifend quis, rutrum ac mi. Curabitur ornare odio at volutpat egestas.

Proin rutrum tempor elit non vestibulum. Sed dolor lectus, varius vitae arcu id, posuere cursus neque. In ipsum diam, vulputate et mattis ac, consectetur eu dolor. Suspendisse tellus mi, molestie quis efficitur eget, viverra eu tellus. Aenean efficitur malesuada nulla quis facilisis. Integer odio risus, lacinia eu diam sed, efficitur interdum orci. Mauris congue sollicitudin vulputate. Donec eleifend dui vitae turpis mattis suscipit. Nulla facilisi.

Curabitur rhoncus quis risus non vulputate. Nulla auctor auctor tortor ultricies fermentum. Ut elementum, odio eget porttitor cursus, tortor erat ornare leo, et auctor urna mauris rhoncus ipsum. Morbi feugiat id arcu sed hendrerit. Vestibulum eu feugiat enim. Suspendisse consequat, lectus in condimentum dignissim, nulla elit facilisis ex, eu efficitur arcu urna quis augue. Vivamus rhoncus tempor iaculis. Vestibulum vel urna odio. Nunc at consequat leo. Pellentesque non sapien massa. Suspendisse scelerisque nunc congue, venenatis mauris a, tristique purus.

Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Fusce suscipit nec metus eu dictum. Ut placerat magna at dolor sodales, in ultrices mi posuere. Nulla viverra venenatis suscipit. Vivamus turpis enim, tempor eu semper gravida, dignissim id orci. Fusce posuere consectetur consectetur. Vivamus ut malesuada risus, et fringilla justo. Suspendisse venenatis accumsan odio, sed consequat felis. Aenean porta leo eu lacus ultricies commodo. Aliquam pretium mollis ante, quis sodales ipsum. Ut bibendum felis ut maximus feugiat.

In ultrices pellentesque nulla, non ornare enim posuere a. Praesent ullamcorper lobortis massa, sit amet faucibus justo congue in. Aliquam vel semper nibh. Nulla lorem lacus, suscipit vitae tortor sed, rhoncus sagittis arcu. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Proin malesuada porta nibh in sodales. Suspendisse tempor pulvinar pellentesque. Nullam arcu magna, interdum nec felis id, fringilla scelerisque felis. Mauris metus ante, congue sed bibendum in, sodales eu odio. Phasellus faucibus diam dolor, eget fermentum eros egestas vitae. Quisque lobortis congue nulla a egestas. Phasellus venenatis convallis aliquet. Mauris iaculis massa ultrices, tristique nunc molestie, blandit enim. Phasellus quis dignissim elit. Praesent finibus, turpis in fermentum vulputate, orci enim scelerisque lorem, sed rhoncus elit ligula nec elit.

Morbi consequat ex in consequat facilisis. Nullam eget mauris laoreet, consectetur velit ut, lacinia nunc. Nam finibus ornare libero sed vestibulum. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Ut pellentesque aliquam pretium. Aliquam ex lacus, bibendum at nibh eget, accumsan vestibulum nisi. Mauris erat risus, commodo ac dui nec, convallis pharetra risus. Fusce eleifend, ligula quis dapibus semper, leo erat rutrum est, non volutpat neque ipsum quis diam. Donec finibus tellus eu vulputate vulputate. Curabitur semper lorem nec mattis venenatis. Phasellus accumsan, odio sed commodo aliquam, enim quam dignissim massa, efficitur ullamcorper tellus magna semper ex. Phasellus molestie, lectus ac posuere ultricies, mauris sem facilisis lectus, quis ullamcorper ante metus ac est.

Sed cursus justo a nunc bibendum, vitae tincidunt lectus rhoncus. Duis dolor ex, tempor et tortor vitae, gravida egestas ante. Sed tempus tristique ligula vel iaculis. Ut maximus nulla diam, at suscipit odio sollicitudin eget. Donec molestie neque eget neque dapibus blandit. Donec sit amet convallis lectus. Maecenas at tortor non libero facilisis vestibulum at quis nisl. Morbi vitae vulputate erat. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec cursus, augue ac consectetur dignissim, dolor velit vestibulum nunc, blandit elementum risus ante in tellus. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed ac commodo sem. Nulla id placerat diam. In vehicula sagittis neque, vel suscipit arcu bibendum at. Nam non sapien eu velit sagittis volutpat. Fusce vel est non felis tristique iaculis quis id risus.

Vivamus lacus magna, aliquam id faucibus vitae, rhoncus at nunc. Fusce finibus molestie ipsum, in scelerisque nisl ultricies eu. In quam erat, tincidunt quis dolor vel, commodo venenatis leo. Vestibulum vulputate molestie ullamcorper. Ut blandit sed diam viverra tincidunt. Praesent vel est rutrum, finibus ligula et, tincidunt sem. Mauris ac dictum dui. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Etiam egestas dapibus tellus, blandit consequat ligula tincidunt nec. Praesent tincidunt arcu tortor, maximus interdum augue egestas blandit.

Sed convallis tortor eu sem pulvinar, sit amet dictum neque pretium. Donec gravida velit quis ipsum pulvinar fermentum sit amet ut mi. In tellus enim, finibus non urna sed, luctus dapibus felis. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae; Donec placerat vitae nibh eget maximus. In vitae aliquet tortor. Mauris vestibulum neque in tortor eleifend, at venenatis dolor pulvinar. Etiam neque neque, mollis vel elit in, mattis gravida ligula. Nullam hendrerit nunc et ante pharetra, at venenatis ligula porttitor. Phasellus vel imperdiet massa.

Pellentesque velit nulla, dictum eget lorem sed, commodo ornare enim. Praesent in ipsum a eros tristique consequat. Vivamus quis urna justo. In vehicula et enim eu congue. Donec dignissim porttitor risus, ac sagittis mauris dapibus ut. Fusce pharetra purus sed eros dictum, non tempor dolor luctus. Nam tempus erat vel mi hendrerit blandit. Suspendisse finibus rhoncus leo in condimentum. Curabitur auctor, tortor vitae consectetur volutpat, leo nunc aliquet eros, at sollicitudin ante lacus dapibus nibh. Praesent ut libero sed erat aliquam scelerisque ac nec enim. Vestibulum mollis interdum est vel tempor. Donec cursus tincidunt elit eu efficitur. Nulla interdum mattis ante ultrices vulputate. Aliquam fermentum est vel orci ultrices, vitae sagittis erat consequat.

Proin sollicitudin vitae arcu lacinia euismod. Sed viverra velit vel molestie maximus. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Curabitur ultrices nec dolor eu ultricies. Donec vulputate mauris sit amet volutpat vulputate. Etiam arcu erat, viverra sed viverra at, laoreet id lectus. Proin vitae lacus auctor, dignissim nisi et, dignissim nisi. Aenean malesuada pretium nunc, et vestibulum sem maximus nec. Morbi auctor tempor volutpat. Suspendisse hendrerit luctus arcu, eu efficitur urna pulvinar at. Quisque pretium turpis est, sed scelerisque arcu malesuada at. Integer gravida sed lacus sit amet blandit. Cras orci nulla, convallis et aliquet a, tristique vitae ante. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. 

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim.

Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna.

Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus.

Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi.

Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus.

Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue.

Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula.

Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim.

Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio.

Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim.

Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna.

Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus.

Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est.

Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio.

Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo.

Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula.

Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim.

Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus.

Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero.

Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum.

Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci.

Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam.

Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit.

Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis.

In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl.

Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit.

Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit.

Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum.

Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor.

Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris.

In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim.

Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum.

Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia.

Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi.

Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo.

In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis.

Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum.

Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui.

Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo.

Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo.

Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim.

Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis.

Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor.

Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi.

Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo.

Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing.

Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio.

Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna.

Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna.

Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos.

Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque.

Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa.

Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue.

Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui.

Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis.

Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium.

Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede.

Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing.

Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero.

Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra.

Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh.

Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus.

Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.

Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet.

Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui.

Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci.

Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna.

Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede.

Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing.

Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio.

Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis.

Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor.

Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque.

Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.

Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum.

Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum.

Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim.

Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna.

Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus.

Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi.

Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus.

Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue.

Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula.

Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim.

Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio.

Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim.

Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna.

Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus.

Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est.

Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio.

Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo.

Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula.

Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim.

Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus.

Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero.

Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum.

Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci.

Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam.

Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit.

Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis.

In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl.

Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit.

Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit.

Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum.

Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor.

Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris.

In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim.

Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum.

Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia.

Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi.

Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo.

In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis.

Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum.

Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui.

Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo.

Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo.

Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim.

Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis.

Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor.

Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi.

Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo.

Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing.

Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio.

Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna.

Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna.

Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos.

Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque.

Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa.

Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue.

Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui.

Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis.

Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium.

Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede.

Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing.

Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero.

Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra.

Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh.

Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus.

Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.

Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet.

Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui.

Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci.

Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna.

Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede.

Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing.

Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio.

Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis.

Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor.

Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque.

Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.

Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum.

Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum.

Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim.

Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna.

Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus.

Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi.

Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus.

Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue.

Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula.

Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim.

Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio.

Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim.

Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna.

Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus.

Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est.

Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio.

Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo.

Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula.

Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim.

Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus.

Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero.

Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum.

Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci.

Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam.

Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit.

Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis.

In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl.

Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit.

Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit.

Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum.

Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor.

Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris.

In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim.

Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum.

Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia.

Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi.

Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo.

In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis.

Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum.

Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui.

Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo.

Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo.

Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim.

Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis.

Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor.

Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi.

Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo.

Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing.

Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio.

Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna.

Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna.

Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos.

Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque.

Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa.

Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue.

Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui.

Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis.

Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium.

Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede.

Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing.

Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero.

Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra.

Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh.

Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus.

Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.

Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet.

Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui.

Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci.

Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna.

Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede.

Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing.

Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio.

Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis.

Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor.

Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque.

Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.

Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum.

Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum.

Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim.

Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna.

Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus.

Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi.

Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus.

Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue.

Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula.

Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim.

Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio.

Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim.

Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna.

Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus.

Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est.

Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio.

Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo.

Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula.

Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim.

Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus.

Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero.

Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum.

Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci.

Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam.

Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit.

Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis.

In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl.

Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit.

Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit.

Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum.

Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor.

Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris.

In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim.

Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum.

Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia.

Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi.

Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo.

In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis.

Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum.

Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui.

Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo.

Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo.

Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim.

Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis.

Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor.

Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi.

Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo.

Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing.

Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio.

Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna.

Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna.

Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos.

Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque.

Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa.

Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue.

Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui.

Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis.

Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium.

Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede.

Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing.

Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero.

Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra.

Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh.

Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus.

Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.

Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet.

Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui.

Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci.

Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna.

Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede.

Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing.

Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio.

Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis.

Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor.

Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque.

Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.

Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum.

Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum.

Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim.

Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna.

Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus.

Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi.

Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus.

Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue.

Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula.

Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim.

Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio.

Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim.

Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna.

Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus.

Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est.

Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio.

Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo.

Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula.

Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim.

Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus.

Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero.

Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum.

Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci.

Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam.

Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit.

Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis.

In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl.

Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit.

Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit.

Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum.

Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor.

Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris.

In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim.

Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum.

Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia.

Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi.

Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo.

In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis.

Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum.

Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui.

Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo.

Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo.

Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim.

Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis.

Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor.

Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi.

Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo.

Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing.

Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis. Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede. Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio.

Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing. Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien.

Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna.

Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna.

Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos.

Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque.

Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa.

Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue.

Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui.

Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis.

Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium.

Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna. Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede.

Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing.

Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero.

Praesent nonummy mi in odio. Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra.

Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis. Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh.

Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis. Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis.

Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus.

Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque. Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.

Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet.

Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum. Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui.

Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum. Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci.

Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Phasellus consectetuer vestibulum elit. Aenean tellus metus, bibendum sed, posuere ac, mattis non, nunc. Vestibulum fringilla pede sit amet augue. In turpis. Pellentesque posuere. Praesent turpis.

Aenean posuere, tortor sed cursus feugiat, nunc augue blandit nunc, eu sollicitudin urna dolor sagittis lacus. Donec elit libero, sodales nec, volutpat a, suscipit non, turpis. Nullam sagittis. Suspendisse pulvinar, augue ac venenatis condimentum, sem libero volutpat nibh, nec pellentesque velit pede quis nunc. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Fusce id purus. Ut varius tincidunt libero. Phasellus dolor. Maecenas vestibulum mollis diam. Pellentesque ut neque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. In dui magna, posuere eget, vestibulum et, tempor auctor, justo. In ac felis quis tortor malesuada pretium. Pellentesque auctor neque nec urna.

Proin sapien ipsum, porta a, auctor quis, euismod ut, mi. Aenean viverra rhoncus pede. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Ut non enim eleifend felis pretium feugiat. Vivamus quis mi. Phasellus a est. Phasellus magna. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Curabitur at lacus ac velit ornare lobortis. Curabitur a felis in nunc fringilla tristique. Morbi mattis ullamcorper velit. Phasellus gravida semper nisi. Nullam vel sem. Pellentesque libero tortor, tincidunt et, tincidunt eget, semper nec, quam. Sed hendrerit. Morbi ac felis. Nunc egestas, augue at pellentesque laoreet, felis eros vehicula leo, at malesuada velit leo quis pede.

Donec interdum, metus et hendrerit aliquet, dolor diam sagittis ligula, eget egestas libero turpis vel mi. Nunc nulla. Fusce risus nisl, viverra et, tempor et, pretium in, sapien. Donec venenatis vulputate lorem. Morbi nec metus. Phasellus blandit leo ut odio. Maecenas ullamcorper, dui et placerat feugiat, eros pede varius nisi, condimentum viverra felis nunc et lorem. Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. In auctor lobortis lacus. Quisque libero metus, condimentum nec, tempor a, commodo mollis, magna. Vestibulum ullamcorper mauris at ligula. Fusce fermentum. Nullam cursus lacinia erat. Praesent blandit laoreet nibh. Fusce convallis metus id felis luctus adipiscing.

Pellentesque egestas, neque sit amet convallis pulvinar, justo nulla eleifend augue, ac auctor orci leo non est. Quisque id mi. Ut tincidunt tincidunt erat. Etiam feugiat lorem non metus. Vestibulum dapibus nunc ac augue. Curabitur vestibulum aliquam leo. Praesent egestas neque eu enim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Fusce a quam. Etiam ut purus mattis mauris sodales aliquam. Curabitur nisi. Quisque malesuada placerat nisl. Nam ipsum risus, rutrum vitae, vestibulum eu, molestie vel, lacus. Sed augue ipsum, egestas nec, vestibulum et, malesuada adipiscing, dui. Vestibulum facilisis, purus nec pulvinar iaculis, ligula mi congue nunc, vitae euismod ligula urna in dolor. Mauris sollicitudin fermentum libero. Praesent nonummy mi in odio.

Nunc interdum lacus sit amet orci. Vestibulum rutrum, mi nec elementum vehicula, eros quam gravida nisl, id fringilla neque ante vel mi. Morbi mollis tellus ac sapien. Phasellus volutpat, metus eget egestas mollis, lacus lacus blandit dui, id egestas quam mauris ut lacus. Fusce vel dui. Sed in libero ut nibh placerat accumsan. Proin faucibus arcu quis ante. In consectetuer turpis ut velit. Nulla sit amet est. Praesent metus tellus, elementum eu, semper a, adipiscing nec, purus. Cras risus ipsum, faucibus ut, ullamcorper id, varius ac, leo. Suspendisse feugiat. Suspendisse enim turpis, dictum sed, iaculis a, condimentum nec, nisi. Praesent nec nisl a purus blandit viverra. Praesent ac massa at ligula laoreet iaculis.

Nulla neque dolor, sagittis eget, iaculis quis, molestie non, velit. Mauris turpis nunc, blandit et, volutpat molestie, porta ut, ligula. Fusce pharetra convallis urna. Quisque ut nisi. Donec mi odio, faucibus at, scelerisque quis, convallis in, nisi. Suspendisse non nisl sit amet velit hendrerit rutrum. Ut leo. Ut a nisl id ante tempus hendrerit. Proin pretium, leo ac pellentesque mollis, felis nunc ultrices eros, sed gravida augue augue mollis justo. Suspendisse eu ligula. Nulla facilisi. Donec id justo. Praesent porttitor, nulla vitae posuere iaculis, arcu nisl dignissim dolor, a pretium mi sem ut ipsum. Curabitur suscipit suscipit tellus. Praesent vestibulum dapibus nibh. Etiam iaculis nunc ac metus. Ut id nisl quis enim dignissim sagittis.

Etiam sollicitudin, ipsum eu pulvinar rutrum, tellus ipsum laoreet sapien, quis venenatis ante odio sit amet eros. Proin magna. Duis vel nibh at velit scelerisque suscipit. Curabitur turpis. Vestibulum suscipit nulla quis orci. Fusce ac felis sit amet ligula pharetra condimentum. Maecenas egestas arcu quis ligula mattis placerat. Duis lobortis massa imperdiet quam. Suspendisse potenti. Pellentesque commodo eros a enim. Vestibulum turpis sem, aliquet eget, lobortis pellentesque, rutrum eu, nisl. Sed libero. Aliquam erat volutpat. Etiam vitae tortor. Morbi vestibulum volutpat enim. Aliquam eu nunc. Nunc sed turpis. Sed mollis, eros et ultrices tempus, mauris ipsum aliquam libero, non adipiscing dolor urna a orci. Nulla porta dolor.

Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos hymenaeos. Pellentesque dapibus hendrerit tortor. Praesent egestas tristique nibh. Sed a libero. Cras varius. Donec vitae orci sed dolor rutrum auctor. Fusce egestas elit eget lorem. Suspendisse nisl elit, rhoncus eget, elementum ac, condimentum eget, diam. Nam at tortor in tellus interdum sagittis. Aliquam lobortis. Donec orci lectus, aliquam ut, faucibus non, euismod id, nulla. Curabitur blandit mollis lacus. Nam adipiscing. Vestibulum eu odio. Vivamus laoreet. Nullam tincidunt adipiscing enim. Phasellus tempus. Proin viverra, ligula sit amet ultrices semper, ligula arcu tristique sapien, a accumsan nisi mauris ac eros. Fusce neque.

Suspendisse faucibus, nunc et pellentesque egestas, lacus ante convallis tellus, vitae iaculis lacus elit id tortor. Vivamus aliquet elit ac nisl. Fusce fermentum odio nec arcu. Vivamus euismod mauris. In ut quam vitae odio lacinia tincidunt. Praesent ut ligula non mi varius sagittis. Cras sagittis. Praesent ac sem eget est egestas volutpat. Vivamus consectetuer hendrerit lacus. Cras non dolor. Vivamus in erat ut urna cursus vestibulum. Fusce commodo aliquam arcu. Nam commodo suscipit quam. Quisque id odio. Praesent venenatis metus at tortor pulvinar varius. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.

Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In enim justo, rhoncus ut, imperdiet a, venenatis vitae, justo. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. Aliquam lorem ante, dapibus in, viverra quis, feugiat a, tellus. Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet. Quisque rutrum. Aenean imperdiet. Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue. Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi. Nam eget dui. Etiam rhoncus. Maecenas tempus, tellus eget condimentum rhoncus, sem quam semper libero, sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum.

Nam quam nunc, blandit vel, luctus pulvinar, hendrerit id, lorem. Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus. Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus. Nullam quis ante. Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt. Duis leo. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales, augue velit cursus nunc, quis gravida magna mi a libero. Fusce vulputate eleifend sapien. Vestibulum purus quam, scelerisque ut, mollis sed, nonummy id, metus. Nullam accumsan lorem in dui. Cras ultricies mi eu turpis hendrerit fringilla. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In ac dui quis mi consectetuer lacinia. Nam pretium turpis et arcu. Duis arcu tortor, suscipit eget, imperdiet nec, imperdiet iaculis, ipsum.

Sed aliquam ultrices mauris. Integer ante arcu, accumsan a, consectetuer eget, posuere ut, mauris. Praesent adipiscing. Phasellus ullamcorper ipsum rutrum nunc. Nunc nonummy metus. Vestibulum volutpat pretium libero. Cras id dui. Aenean ut eros et nisl sagittis vestibulum. Nullam nulla eros, ultricies sit amet, nonummy id, imperdiet feugiat, pede. Sed lectus. Donec mollis hendrerit risus. Phasellus nec sem in justo pellentesque facilisis. Etiam imperdiet imperdiet orci. Nunc nec neque. Phasellus leo dolor, tempus non, auctor et, hendrerit quis, nisi. Curabitur ligula sapien, tincidunt non, euismod vitae, posuere imperdiet, leo. Maecenas malesuada. Praesent congue erat at massa. Sed cursus turpis vitae tortor. Donec posuere vulputate arcu. Phasellus accumsan cursus velit.

Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat.

Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat.

Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?

Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat.

Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?

Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus.

Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt.

Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt.

Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt.

Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt.

Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.

Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.

Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.

Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat.

Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?

Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?

Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?

Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?

Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?

Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?

Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?

Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.

Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?

Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided.

But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains. But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness.

No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it?

But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided.

But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains. But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness.

No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it?

But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided.

But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains. But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness.

No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it?

But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided.

But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains. But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness.

No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it?

But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided.

But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains. But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness.

No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it?

But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain.

These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain.

These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain.

These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain.

These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain.

These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.

In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains. But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness.

No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted.

The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains. But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted.

The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains. But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided.

But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains. But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure? On the Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues.

Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores.

At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth.

Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular.

Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental.

A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie.

Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth.

Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental.

A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues.

Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores.

At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular.

Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es.

Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth.

Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental.

A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues.

Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores.

At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular.

Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es.

Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules.

Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth.

Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es.

Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental.

A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues.

It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues.

Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores. At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles.

Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam vocabular. Li lingues differe solmen in li grammatica, li pronunciation e li plu commun vocabules. Omnicos directe al desirabilite de un nov lingua franca: On refusa continuar payar custosi traductores.

At solmen va esser necessi far uniform grammatica, pronunciation e plu sommun paroles. Ma quande lingues coalesce, li grammatica del resultant lingue es plu simplic e regulari quam ti del coalescent lingues. Li nov lingua franca va esser plu simplic e regulari quam li existent Europan lingues. It va esser tam simplic quam Occidental in fact, it va esser Occidental. A un Angleso it va semblar un simplificat Angles, quam un skeptic Cambridge amico dit me que Occidental es. Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musica, sport etc, litot Europa usa li sam The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages.

The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words.

Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words.

Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is.

The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages.

The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators.

To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth.

For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words.

Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is.

The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages.

The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators.

To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words.

Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family.

Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages.

It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words.

Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family.

Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages.

It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words.

Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family.

Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words.

Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family.

Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages.

The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators.

To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary.

The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is.

The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages.

It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words.

Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth.

For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental.

To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages.

The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words.

If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words.

Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is. The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth.

For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as a skeptical Cambridge friend of mine told me what Occidental is.

The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For science, music, sport, etc, Europe uses the same vocabulary. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their most common words. Everyone realizes why a new common language would be desirable: one could refuse to pay expensive translators. To achieve this, it would be necessary to have uniform grammar, pronunciation and more common words. If several languages coalesce, the grammar of the resulting language is more simple and regular than that of the individual languages. The new common language will be more simple and regular than the existing European languages. It will be as simple as Occidental; in fact, it will be Occidental. To an English person, it will seem like simplified English, as Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth.

Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again.

And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her. Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth.

Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth.

Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy. The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country.

But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her. Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean.

A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen.

She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth.

Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy. The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country.

But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her. Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean.

A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen.

She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth.

Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy. The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country.

But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her. Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean.

A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen.

She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth.

Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy. The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country.

But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her. Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean.

A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen.

She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth.

Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy. The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country.

But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her. Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean.

A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen.

She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her. Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts.

Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen.

She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy. The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country.

But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her. Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia.

It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy. The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country.

But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her. Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth.

Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane.

Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy. The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy.

The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her. Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean.

A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her way. On her way she met a copy. The copy warned the Little Blind Text, that where it came from it would have been rewritten a thousand times and everything that was left from its origin would be the word "and" and the Little Blind Text should turn around and return to its own, safe country. But nothing the copy said could convince her and so it didn’t take long until a few insidious Copy Writers ambushed her, made her drunk with Longe and Parole and dragged her into their agency, where they abused her for their projects again and again. And if she hasn’t been rewritten, then they are still using her.

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then she continued her A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents. I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine.

I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents. I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine.

I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents. I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine.

I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents. I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine.

I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents. I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine.

I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents. I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine.

I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents. I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine.

I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents. I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart. I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine.

I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents. I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart.

I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions! A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart.

I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine. I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents.

I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me: when I hear the buzz of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that universal love which bears and sustains us, as it floats around us in an eternity of bliss; and then, my friend, when darkness overspreads my eyes, and heaven and earth seem to dwell in my soul and absorb its power, like the form of a beloved mistress, then I often think with longing, Oh, would I could describe these conceptions, could impress upon paper all that is living so full and warm within me, that it might be the mirror of my soul, as my soul is the mirror of the infinite God!

O my friend -- but it is too much for my strength -- I sink under the weight of the splendour of these visions!

A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring which I enjoy with my whole heart.

I am alone, and feel the charm of existence in this spot, which was created for the bliss of souls like mine.

I am so happy, my dear friend, so absorbed in the exquisite sense of mere tranquil existence, that I neglect my talents. I should be incapable of drawing a single stroke at the present moment; and yet I feel that I never was a greater artist than now.

When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. "What's happened to me? " he thought. It wasn't a dream.

His room, a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame. It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm towards the viewer.

Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. Drops of rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad. "How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into that position. However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always rolled back to where he was.

He must have tried it a hundred times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before. "Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen! Travelling day in and day out.

Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can all go to Hell!

" He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder. He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he thought, "it makes you stupid.

You've got to get enough sleep. Other travelling salesmen live a life of luxury. For instance, whenever I go back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract, these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me.

If I didn't have my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago, I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him everything I would, let him know just what I feel. He'd fall right off his desk! And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing.

Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five. " And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers. "God in Heaven! " he thought. It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung?

He could see from the bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep through that furniture-rattling noise? True, he had not slept peacefully, but probably all the more deeply because of that. What should he do now? The next train went at seven; if he were to catch that he would have to rush like mad and the collection of samples was still not packed, and he did not at all feel particularly fresh and lively.

And even if he did catch the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long time ago. The office assistant was the boss's man, spineless, and with no understanding. What about if he reported sick? But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill.

His boss would certainly come round with the doctor from the medical insurance company, accuse his parents of having a lazy son, and accept the doctor's recommendation not to make any claim as the doctor believed that no-one was ever ill but that many were workshy. And what's more, would he have been entirely wrong in this case? Gregor did in fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after sleeping for so long, feel completely well and even felt much hungrier than usual.

One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. "What's happened to me? " he thought. It wasn't a dream.

His room, a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame. It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm towards the viewer.

Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. Drops of rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad. "How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into that position. However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always rolled back to where he was.

He must have tried it a hundred times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before. "Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen! Travelling day in and day out.

Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can all go to Hell!

" He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder. He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he thought, "it makes you stupid. You've got to get enough sleep.

Other travelling salesmen live a life of luxury. For instance, whenever I go back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract, these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me. If I didn't have my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago, I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him everything I would, let him know just what I feel.

He'd fall right off his desk! And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing. Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five.

" And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers. "God in Heaven! " he thought. It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung? He could see from the bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep through that furniture-rattling noise? True, he had not slept peacefully, but probably all the more deeply because of that.

What should he do now? The next train went at seven; if he were to catch that he would have to rush like mad and the collection of samples was still not packed, and he did not at all feel particularly fresh and lively. And even if he did catch the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long time ago. The office assistant was the boss's man, spineless, and with no understanding.

What about if he reported sick? But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill. His boss would certainly come round with the doctor from the medical insurance company, accuse his parents of having a lazy son, and accept the doctor's recommendation not to make any claim as the doctor believed that no-one was ever ill but that many were workshy. And what's more, would he have been entirely wrong in this case?

Gregor did in fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after sleeping for so long, feel completely well and even felt much hungrier than usual. One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment.

His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. "What's happened to me? " he thought. It wasn't a dream. His room, a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame.

It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm towards the viewer. Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. Drops of rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad. "How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into that position.

However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always rolled back to where he was. He must have tried it a hundred times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before. "Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen! Travelling day in and day out.

Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can all go to Hell!

" He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder. He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he thought, "it makes you stupid. You've got to get enough sleep.

Other travelling salesmen live a life of luxury. For instance, whenever I go back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract, these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me. If I didn't have my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago, I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him everything I would, let him know just what I feel.

He'd fall right off his desk! And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing. Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five.

" And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers. "God in Heaven! " he thought. It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung? He could see from the bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep through that furniture-rattling noise? True, he had not slept peacefully, but probably all the more deeply because of that.

What should he do now? The next train went at seven; if he were to catch that he would have to rush like mad and the collection of samples was still not packed, and he did not at all feel particularly fresh and lively. And even if he did catch the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long time ago. The office assistant was the boss's man, spineless, and with no understanding. What about if he reported sick?

But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill. His boss would certainly come round with the doctor from the medical insurance company, accuse his parents of having a lazy son, and accept the doctor's recommendation not to make any claim as the doctor believed that no-one was ever ill but that many were workshy. And what's more, would he have been entirely wrong in this case?

Gregor did in fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after sleeping for so long, feel completely well and even felt much hungrier than usual. One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment.

His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. "What's happened to me? " he thought. It wasn't a dream. His room, a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame.

It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm towards the viewer. Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. Drops of rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad. "How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into that position.

However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always rolled back to where he was. He must have tried it a hundred times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before. "Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen! Travelling day in and day out.

Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can all go to Hell!

" He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder. He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he thought, "it makes you stupid. You've got to get enough sleep.

Other travelling salesmen live a life of luxury. For instance, whenever I go back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract, these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me. If I didn't have my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago, I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him everything I would, let him know just what I feel.

He'd fall right off his desk! And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing. Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five.

" And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers. "God in Heaven! " he thought. It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung? He could see from the bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep through that furniture-rattling noise? True, he had not slept peacefully, but probably all the more deeply because of that. What should he do now?

The next train went at seven; if he were to catch that he would have to rush like mad and the collection of samples was still not packed, and he did not at all feel particularly fresh and lively. And even if he did catch the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long time ago. The office assistant was the boss's man, spineless, and with no understanding. What about if he reported sick?

But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill. His boss would certainly come round with the doctor from the medical insurance company, accuse his parents of having a lazy son, and accept the doctor's recommendation not to make any claim as the doctor believed that no-one was ever ill but that many were workshy. And what's more, would he have been entirely wrong in this case?

Gregor did in fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after sleeping for so long, feel completely well and even felt much hungrier than usual. One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment.

His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. "What's happened to me? " he thought. It wasn't a dream. His room, a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame.

It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm towards the viewer. Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. Drops of rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad. "How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into that position.

However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always rolled back to where he was. He must have tried it a hundred times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before. "Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen! Travelling day in and day out.

Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can all go to Hell!

" He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder. He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he thought, "it makes you stupid. You've got to get enough sleep.

Other travelling salesmen live a life of luxury. For instance, whenever I go back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract, these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me. If I didn't have my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago, I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him everything I would, let him know just what I feel. He'd fall right off his desk!

And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing. Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five. " And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers. "God in Heaven! " he thought.

It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung? He could see from the bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep through that furniture-rattling noise? True, he had not slept peacefully, but probably all the more deeply because of that. What should he do now?

The next train went at seven; if he were to catch that he would have to rush like mad and the collection of samples was still not packed, and he did not at all feel particularly fresh and lively. And even if he did catch the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long time ago. The office assistant was the boss's man, spineless, and with no understanding. What about if he reported sick?

But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill. His boss would certainly come round with the doctor from the medical insurance company, accuse his parents of having a lazy son, and accept the doctor's recommendation not to make any claim as the doctor believed that no-one was ever ill but that many were workshy. And what's more, would he have been entirely wrong in this case? Gregor did in fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after sleeping for so long, feel completely well and even felt much hungrier than usual.

One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. "What's happened to me? " he thought. It wasn't a dream.

His room, a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame. It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm towards the viewer. Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather.

Drops of rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad. "How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into that position. However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always rolled back to where he was. He must have tried it a hundred times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before.

"Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen! Travelling day in and day out. Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can all go to Hell!

" He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder. He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he thought, "it makes you stupid. You've got to get enough sleep. Other travelling salesmen live a life of luxury.

For instance, whenever I go back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract, these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me. If I didn't have my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago, I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him everything I would, let him know just what I feel. He'd fall right off his desk!

And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing. Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five. " And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers. "God in Heaven! " he thought.

It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung? He could see from the bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep through that furniture-rattling noise? True, he had not slept peacefully, but probably all the more deeply because of that. What should he do now?

The next train went at seven; if he were to catch that he would have to rush like mad and the collection of samples was still not packed, and he did not at all feel particularly fresh and lively. And even if he did catch the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long time ago. The office assistant was the boss's man, spineless, and with no understanding. What about if he reported sick?

But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill. His boss would certainly come round with the doctor from the medical insurance company, accuse his parents of having a lazy son, and accept the doctor's recommendation not to make any claim as the doctor believed that no-one was ever ill but that many were workshy. And what's more, would he have been entirely wrong in this case? Gregor did in fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after sleeping for so long, feel completely well and even felt much hungrier than usual.

One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. "What's happened to me? " he thought. It wasn't a dream.

His room, a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame. It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm towards the viewer. Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather.

Drops of rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad. "How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into that position. However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always rolled back to where he was. He must have tried it a hundred times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before.

"Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen! Travelling day in and day out. Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can all go to Hell!

" He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder. He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he thought, "it makes you stupid. You've got to get enough sleep. Other travelling salesmen live a life of luxury.

For instance, whenever I go back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract, these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me. If I didn't have my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago, I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him everything I would, let him know just what I feel. He'd fall right off his desk!

And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing. Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five. " And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers. "God in Heaven! " he thought.

It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung? He could see from the bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep through that furniture-rattling noise? True, he had not slept peacefully, but probably all the more deeply because of that. What should he do now?

The next train went at seven; if he were to catch that he would have to rush like mad and the collection of samples was still not packed, and he did not at all feel particularly fresh and lively. And even if he did catch the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long time ago. The office assistant was the boss's man, spineless, and with no understanding. What about if he reported sick?

But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill. His boss would certainly come round with the doctor from the medical insurance company, accuse his parents of having a lazy son, and accept the doctor's recommendation not to make any claim as the doctor believed that no-one was ever ill but that many were workshy. And what's more, would he have been entirely wrong in this case? Gregor did in fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after sleeping for so long, feel completely well and even felt much hungrier than usual.

One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. "What's happened to me? " he thought. It wasn't a dream. His room, a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar walls.

A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame. It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm towards the viewer. Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. Drops of rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad.

"How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into that position. However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always rolled back to where he was. He must have tried it a hundred times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before. "Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen! Travelling day in and day out.

Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can all go to Hell!

" He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder. He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he thought, "it makes you stupid. You've got to get enough sleep. Other travelling salesmen live a life of luxury.

For instance, whenever I go back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract, these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me. If I didn't have my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago, I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him everything I would, let him know just what I feel. He'd fall right off his desk!

And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing. Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five. " And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers. "God in Heaven! " he thought.

It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung? He could see from the bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep through that furniture-rattling noise? True, he had not slept peacefully, but probably all the more deeply because of that. What should he do now? The next train went at seven; if he were to catch that he would have to rush like mad and the collection of samples was still not packed, and he did not at all feel particularly fresh and lively.

And even if he did catch the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long time ago. The office assistant was the boss's man, spineless, and with no understanding. What about if he reported sick? But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill.

His boss would certainly come round with the doctor from the medical insurance company, accuse his parents of having a lazy son, and accept the doctor's recommendation not to make any claim as the doctor believed that no-one was ever ill but that many were workshy. And what's more, would he have been entirely wrong in this case? Gregor did in fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after sleeping for so long, feel completely well and even felt much hungrier than usual. One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin.

He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. "What's happened to me? " he thought. It wasn't a dream. His room, a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame.

It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm towards the viewer. Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. Drops of rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad. "How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into that position. However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always rolled back to where he was.

He must have tried it a hundred times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before. "Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen! Travelling day in and day out. Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can all go to Hell!

" He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder. He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he thought, "it makes you stupid. You've got to get enough sleep. Other travelling salesmen live a life of luxury.

For instance, whenever I go back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract, these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me. If I didn't have my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago, I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him everything I would, let him know just what I feel. He'd fall right off his desk! And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing.

Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five. " And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers. "God in Heaven! " he thought. It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung? He could see from the bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep through that furniture-rattling noise?

True, he had not slept peacefully, but probably all the more deeply because of that. What should he do now? The next train went at seven; if he were to catch that he would have to rush like mad and the collection of samples was still not packed, and he did not at all feel particularly fresh and lively. And even if he did catch the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long time ago. The office assistant was the boss's man, spineless, and with no understanding. What about if he reported sick?

But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill. His boss would certainly come round with the doctor from the medical insurance company, accuse his parents of having a lazy son, and accept the doctor's recommendation not to make any claim as the doctor believed that no-one was ever ill but that many were workshy. And what's more, would he have been entirely wrong in this case? Gregor did in fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after sleeping for so long, feel completely well and even felt much hungrier than usual. One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin.

He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. "What's happened to me? " he thought. It wasn't a dream. His room, a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame.

It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm towards the viewer. Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. Drops of rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad. "How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into that position. However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always rolled back to where he was. He must have tried it a hundred times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before.

"Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen! Travelling day in and day out. Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can all go to Hell! " He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder.

He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he thought, "it makes you stupid. You've got to get enough sleep. Other travelling salesmen live a life of luxury. For instance, whenever I go back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract, these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me. If I didn't have my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago, I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him everything I would, let him know just what I feel. He'd fall right off his desk!

And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing. Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five. " And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers. "God in Heaven! " he thought. It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung? He could see from the bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep through that furniture-rattling noise? True, he had not The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled.

Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him.

Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.

A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim.

Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck.

A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl.

Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex!

Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls.

Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes.

My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax.

The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled.

Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him.

Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.

A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim.

Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck.

A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl.

Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex!

Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box.

Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit.

Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog.

DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.

Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him.

Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.

A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim.

Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck.

A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl.

Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz.

Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box.

Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit.

Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog.

DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.

Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox.

My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats.

All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex.

Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy!

", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz!

Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox.

Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox.

The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz.

Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps.

Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk.

A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show.

Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge.

Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs!

"Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz.

Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels.

Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim.

Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump.

Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow.

Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs.

Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls.

Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes.

My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax.

The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled.

Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him.

Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.

A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz.

How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog.

Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz!

Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack.

Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack!

Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow.

Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs.

Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls.

Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes.

My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax.

The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled.

Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him.

Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats.

All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz.

Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz.

Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.

A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz.

How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy!

", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz!

Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack.

Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump.

Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl.

Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz.

Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox.

The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz.

Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps.

Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls.

Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit.

Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog.

Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk.

A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show. Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes.

My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax. The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog.

DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed. Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq.

Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show.

Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax.

The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.

Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show.

Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax.

The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my brave ghost pled. Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.

Flummoxed by job, kvetching W. zaps Iraq. Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk. A very bad quack might jinx zippy fowls. Few quips galvanized the mock jury box. Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox. The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack! Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump. Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck. A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog. Watch "Jeopardy! ", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz. Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc[1] killed the fox. My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show.

Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes. My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit. Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz. Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow. Foxy parsons quiz and cajole the lovably dim wiki-girl. Have a pick: twenty six letters - no forcing a jumbled quiz! Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels. Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag. A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats. All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge. Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax.

The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced by fox whelps. Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs. Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex! Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz. Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox. Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack. Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim. Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim. Sex-charged fop blew my junk TV quiz. How quickly daft jumping zebras vex. Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz. Quick, Baz, get my woven flax jodhpurs! "Now fax quiz Jack! " my abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ !

"§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<>

|; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =?

* '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {} abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC DEF GHI JKL MNO PQRS TUV WXYZ ! "§ $%& /() =? * '<> |; ²³~ @`´ ©«» ¤¼× {}abc def ghi jkl mno pqrs tuv wxyz ABC 